{
  "id": "04-Raw-iMessages/Jenny-Huda_Private_iMessage_Texts-Part-3_ImportedDoc.pdf",
  "name": "Jenny-Huda Private iMessage Texts-Part-3_ImportedDoc.pdf",
  "path": "04-Raw-iMessages/Jenny-Huda Private iMessage Texts-Part-3_ImportedDoc.pdf",
  "kind": "IMSG-RAW",
  "link": null,
  "text": "recommendations, but i also see online that the recommendations can be turned in 2 weeks after the deadline in case they can’t get done with it by tuesday Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM Okay great! Sounds good 5 Sun, Oct 6 at 9:39PM hey! forgot to bring this up in the call, but for the stanford curiosity essay, do you think it would be a good idea to write about ancestral data under representation of south asians? i would focus on the data aspect and why it’s important/why it happens What do you mean by ancestral data? That’s cool, like your own family’s data or data in general? like finding out what villages i’m from, who my great-grandparents are, and generally documentation from south asian history is gone so more broadly Yeah that’s really interesting! Maybe you can start with your family and then broaden it out to the diaspora as a whole Make sure to focus on the data aspect got it, thanks! Mon, Oct 7 at 7:15PM , Running 5 mins late!! no worries! see you soon Sorry I am heading back to dorm!! I’ll let you know when I am on hopefully asap! Tue, Oct 8 at 10:25AM hey! so i was actually thinking about my EC list and was wondering if i should put my VP role at the podcast club instead of the english language development tutoring? i started both this year and this might fill the leadership gap in my profile? Yeah I think that’s a good idea! ESP because you already do “tutoring” stuff with the mosque :) Tue, Oct 8 at 3:45PM Hi! I don’t think Mary sent an invite for today, did you still want to meet? hi, i don’t see any meeting either— if you’re still free i’d like to meet! Cool I’ll send an invite Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting stanford.zoom.us Oh wait wrong account One momen Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us ^ this is the correct link! Tue, Oct 8 at 4:50PM So sorr I ended the meetin because I kee havin So sorry I ended the meeting because I keep having wifi issues, but congrats again!! We’re still meeting tomorrow, right? thank you! yes I’ll send a recap but next steps are to go over commonapp, UNC, finalize Stanford and UC can i send my personal statement over so you can see it before tomorrows meeting? Yea of course! thank you! Sign-in docs.google.com Tue, Oct 8 at 6:13PM Hi huda! Wondering if you’re available in the morning tomorrow? If you are, would it be possible to move our meeting to around 8:30? Tue, Oct 8 at 8:47PM i can do that time! Yay thank you! Wed, Oct 9 at 2:37PM Hi! I have a pretty tight schedule tmrw but I can meet 7:30am, 9:30pm, or Friday! Let me know what you’d prefer :) Wed, Oct 9 at 11:50PM let’s schedule something for friday in that case! let’s schedule something for friday in that case! sorry for the late response Great! How’s 2:30-3:30pm? Thu, Oct 10 at 1:27PM actually that time is a bit tough—almost any other time works though I can do early morning or 3:30-4:30! also, i’m submitting my disney dreamers application, do these essays look okay? - Disney Dreamers docs.google.com I can do early morning or 3:30-4:30! 3:30 sounds great Ok great! I’ll take a look at the essays I’ll confirm about time later today, working some scheduling considerations out rn ok sounds great!! thank you Would you be able to add word counts to the essays? Thank you! done!! Ty! One more thing- can you share with my personal email as well? Got it, thanks! Essays look great! Made small edits Fri, Oct 11 at 10:05PM hey jenny! updated “time spent” for the EC list, please let me know if this is okay! — Sign-in docs.google.com Thanks! Can you confirm if it’s 150 words or characters? oh shoot it’s 150 characters I think you’ll need to cut down a lot Ah yes That would be a great next step i guess i’ll just prioritize the metrics then I think so! Can you make a copy of this on a separate doc and cut there? I feel like there’s good content here that can be saved for another use case just updated it !! i’ll link the original version at the top Great thanks! btw, can i add “ap scholar with distinction” as one of my honors? i feel it’s more impressive than the my onors ee s more mpressve an e bronze presidential volunteer service award Can you send me your total awards list so I can see in context? and i technically haven’t earned my volunteer service award yet - i think the official applications are in spring Ok I don’t think you should put the PVSA award if you haven’t received Then you can put both 5 and 6 For awards Sat, Oct 12 at 1:14PM What time do you want to meet next? How’s Sunday, 7-8? Pm sunday at 7 sounds good!! Sun, Oct 13 at 6:28PM Hi I’m running a bit late, would you be open to meeting for 45 minutes today, or from 8-9? So sorry for the late notice 6 hi! 8-9 is better. also, my dad will be there for the first 15-ish minutes to chat about my personal statement no worries! Ok great! Ok great! Let’s do that Oh I just realized I have an 8-9, is 9 okay? Sorry! Mon, Oct 14 at 6:30PM just submitted UNC!! Congratulations Huda!!!!! 7 so happy and proud of you! Tue, Oct 15 at 7:26PM Hi Huda, I’m really sorry but I might need to cancel or push back our meeting tonight… I personally am also behind on a really important application due tonight 6 Is there anything urgent that I can review today asynchronously? And can we schedule for tomorrow instead? If need be I can also meet today for ~30 minutes for anything super urgent hi, no worries! we can meet tomorrow. i can send over my USC supplementals once i like most of the drafts Ok great! Is there anything urgent for today? Is there anything urgent for today? I want to make sure we prioritize anything top of mind for you not necessarily, i think USC was the primary focus as stanford and USC are closest Ok great! What about 8:15 tomorrow? Wed, Oct 16 at 10:05AM hi! this works for me forgot to send this, but here are the usc supplementals. thank you! - Sign-in docs.google.com Wed, Oct 16 at 7:55PM Thank you!! Fri, Oct 18 at 4:05PM hi jenny! i was wondering if you’d be available to move up the call to 6-7. no worries if not!! hi!! I don’t think I can move it to 6:( but I can do 6:45 if that’s better? Sat, Oct 19 at 8:32PM hey!! hope you’re enjoying LA :) had a quick question about the usc short answers— would saying the theme song for my life is “theme from new york, new york” be off-putting to the AOs since it’s a song about new york? hmmm good question I didn’t think of that hmmm good question I didn’t think of that maybe- is there another song that exemplifies leaving a small town? Sat, Oct 19 at 10:02PM there’s this song “fast car” by tracy chapman that has a similar message here are some ideas i had for the response: 1 \"Fast Car\"—My small town wasn’t a speed bump, it was my fuel. Now I’m shifting gears to new horizons. 2 \"Fast Car\"—My small town filled the tank, now I’m racing with no pit stops. Destination: stories waiting to be told! alternatively, i could also do the song “ain’t no mountain high enough” and focus on resilience? Sat, Oct 19 at 11:19PM I like 2!!! Fast car sounds good Mon, Oct 21 at 7:04PM hey jenny, just to confirm what time will we be meeting today? Hi!! I totally forgot what time we agred- when works for you? sorry i just saw this— unfortunately a bit busy for the night and tomorrow as well. can we meet on wednesday? Ok no problem! Yes that works, what time? Before 6 miht be referable for me Before 6 might be preferable for me If that’s okay, also do you need help with anything synch? Asynch? Before 6 might be preferable for me is 5 ok? Perfect! If that’s okay, also do you need help with anything synch? i edited usc essay 1 and was also wondering if essay 3 looks fine, thank you!! Great, ill take a look at those ! Wed, Oct 23 at 3:08PM Meeting ID: 811 0145 9588 Passcode: 280738 Here’s the code for 5-6pm today! Mary’s having an issue with the gcal Wed, Oct 23 at 6:25PM i forgot to ask, but for the activities section should i separate the bullet points with “|”? because i saw my pdf for the unc submission and the line breaks aren’t clear aren’t clear Wed, Oct 23 at 9:19PM Hmmm can you send me the pdf? Thu, Oct 24 at 9:56AM UNC APP.pdf PDF Document · 73 KB Activities.pdf PDF Document · 161 KB this is how it looks updated sorry i’m asking a million questions \" but also some people from jcamp are putting it down as an award since it was one week, and if were to do that i could replace one of my less prestigious awards and also have space for podcast club, what do you think sounds better? Sun, Oct 27 at 5:19PM hey jenny, went over some revisions to the “why you at stanford” essay- please let me know if these changes are okay and anything i can fix when you get the time, thank you!! Huda - Stanford Supplementals docs.google.com Sun, Oct 27 at 9:00PM sorry i’m asking a million questions \" but also some people from jcamp are putting it down as an award since it was one week, and if were to do that i could replace one of my less prestigious awards and also have space… I think it is strong as an activity! I think that’s if they have other activities But what do you think? I think your current awards are strong enough that it’s okay Quality > quantity of activities i forgot to ask, but for the activities section should i separate the bullet points with “|”? because i saw my pdf for the unc submission and the line breaks aren’t clear If you have enough characters yes I would use | instead of - But it doesn’t matter that much because AOs are used to interpreting various different forms hey jenny, went over some revisions to the “why you at stanford” essay please let me know if these changes are okay and anything i can fix when you get the time, thank you!! Tysm! Also when are you available for a next meeting? Left some comments! Mon, Oct 28 at 9:37AM hey jenny, went over some revisions to the “why you at stanford” essay please let me know if these changes are okay and anything i can fix when you get the time, thank you!! I’m available today afternoon , but any day works alternatively!! sorry i’m asking a million questions \" but also some people from jcamp are putting it down as an award since it was one week, and if were to do that i could replace one of my less prestigious awards and also have space… that makes sense, I also thought JCamp sounded better with a description as an EC!! How’s 8pm today? Yeah I agree! Mon, Oct 28 at 12:10PM sounds great!! Great Sat, Nov 2 at 11:07AM hey jenny, do we have a meeting today? Sat, Nov 2 at 2:38PM Omg hi I’m so sorry I think I forgot to schedule, are you available later today or tomorrow? Sun Nov 10 at 11:13PM Sun, Nov 10 at 11:13PM hi! so sorry i didn’t reach out sooner. are you available anytime tomorrow evening for a call about the CSS profile? Mon, Nov 11 at 2:14PM Hi!! Good to hear from you! When is it due? Tonight is a bit tough but I can tomorrow for sure! Sat, Nov 16 at 10:16AM hi!! i was wondering if we could set up a meeting sometime tomorrow to review UC essays? Sat, Nov 16 at 9:05PM Hi!! Can you reach out to Mary for scheduling? They are getting mad at me for scheduling meetings out of protocol :( Tue, Nov 19 at 9:05PM hi! are we having a meeting right now? I think so? I messaged Mary and siraj to send a link but I don’t know if they’ve seen it I think I’ll wait 5 mins and if they don’t respond we can do 9:10-10:10 and I’ll send one Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us Here’s a link! Fri, Nov 29 at 4:57PM ’’ Hi!! I don’t think today’s session got set up - are you free tomorrow? Sat, Nov 30 at 10:17AM hi! sorry for the late reply—are you available at 12? Sat, Nov 30 at 11:38AM Scheduled! hey, where can I find the join link? Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting stanford.zoom.us Oh wait Let me send an ivyLevel one I think Mary is working on it Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us We can use this Sun, Dec 1 at 4:47PM hey! im filling out mit rn and it only allows 4 activities — i decided on empowering ai, synthoria, filmmaker’s club, and women in games . I was wondering if i should add details about content creation under the “significant information that you were not able to include elsewhere in the application” textbox Sun, Dec 1 at 7:09PM That looks good ! I don’t think that’s necessary! I think they know every applicant does more than 4 I think they know every applicant does more than 4 activities so it’s okay And your essays capture what you do well Thu, Dec 5 at 1:40PM Hi!! I’m wondering if you’re free to meet tmrw afternoon? Might give some additional time to work on the essays if that helps- otherwise happy to keep the 9pm time! Thu, Dec 5 at 6:14PM hi! that would work great actually How’s like 4pm? Or 4:30? 4:30 sounds good Fri, Dec 6 at 12:29AM I scheduled with Mary for 5! If that doesn’t work we can do 4:30!! Sorry for the time switch Sat, Dec 7 at 8:50PM Hi!! I’m running a little late for tonight- is there any chance you’d be available at 9:30? hi!! i thought our meeting was for sunday? Oh okay perfect!! I must have hallucinated this You’re right I misremembered!! Thank you:) You’re right I misremembered!! Thank you:) no problem!! let’s meet tomorrow Sun, Dec 8 at 5:41PM Hi! our. meeting is set for 7pm today, but I’m wondering if you’d be able to do 8pm by chance? 8pm works!! Thank you!! Mon, Dec 9 at 10:13AM hi! i was wondering if you could take a look at my upenn dmd essay when you get the time? thank you! Hi! Yes I can do that now! Would you be able to share it with my personal? jenny.s.duan@gmail.com ? I don’t have access to my work email at the moment Mon, Dec 9 at 2:59PM sent!! Left comments! Also, when are you free to meet next? thanks! are you available tomorrow evening? like around 7pm? Would tonight work? If not I can do tomorrow! actually tonight works as well! Cool, can we do 8? oo, can we o 8 is good Thanks! I’ll contact Mary Mon, Dec 9 at 5:27PM Are you able to start at 6 actually! If not 8 is perfect Actually sorry for the changes let’s just keep 8 - talk then! Fri, Dec 13 at 7:51PM Hi! I heard about Stanford. First of all, I’m so proud of all the hard work you’ve put in. Remember that one acceptance or rejection does not mean anything, only that a better opportunity is coming. You’ve done amazing and I’m here for you if you need anything 8 Sat, Dec 14 at 8:47AM hi!! thank u sm :)) ❤ ❤ also, i got an email from an mit interviewer! Sun, Dec 15 at 10:28AM hi jenny - made some changes to the ‘why columbia’ essay Late nights at Pulitzer Hall, I’m running on chai and ambition. The glow of my laptop matches the city lights spilling through the windows as I sift through datasets for The Brown Institute. I’m training AI to uncover bias in news coverage, wondering how this will reshape the way Muslim women like me are portrayed globally. By morning, I’m at Masjid Malcolm Shabazz, documenting Harlem’s Muslim community for a Columbia Journalism Investigations project. Later, I’m at The Forum, presenting an interactive data visualization to CU Game Dev, uncovering patterns in video-game player behavior. I usually interpret datasets, but the Core pushes me to interpret Dante’s Inferno. And when the city gets loud, I retreat to Butler Library’s Rare Books Room, flipping through archives that spark my next narrative project. Every overheard conversation at Joe Coffee at Columbia will push me to question, uncover, and tell stories that shape the world. Sun, Dec 15 at 11:09PM Looks great! Approved ! I like the Joe Coffee detail Is it Joe or Joe’s coffee? Mon, Dec 16 at 10:05AM it’s joe coffee my dad wanted us to take another look at it because he feels a couple details are a bit controversial or the application for columbia in general not this essay in specific Mon, Dec 16 at 6:27PM We can look over it tonight! what time is out meeting again? what time is out meeting again? I have it saved for 7pm? Is now a good time to meet? Not sure if Mary sent an invite i’m good with meeting right now i have a draft for AFE but unfortunately didn’t work on columbia why major yet Okay I’ll send a link! Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting stanford.zoom.us Whoops wrong one Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us Here! i think the audio was a bit delayed I think my wifi just quit Trying to switch networks Ok I’m back on, do you think you can try to join again? Mon, Dec 16 at 8:42PM Thanks for your patience today and yay happy to see your progress! I know AFE is due soon so I took a look at those essays and left comments as well Same with NYU! When are you free to meet next? /when is most helpful for you? Mon, Dec 16 at 9:51PM does Wednesday work - same time? also, for AFE, should i mention activities which aren’t particularly stem related? such as sunday school, jcamp, folklift, podcast club, filmmaker’s club Tue, Dec 17 at 7:12AM Yes great And yes! How do you see yourself mentioning them? Tue, Dec 17 at 12:26PM i meant when inputting the activities Yes you should Sun, Dec 22 at 4:12PM Hi!! Hope the wedding is going well! Wondering if you have any admission updates for the CSUs? I’ve heard some have started to come out Mon, Dec 23 at 4:03PM hi!! i got into sjsu for data science so far! Wed, Dec 25 at 3:10PM Awesome congratulations! And merry Christmas! Thu, Dec 26 at 5:57PM hi, merry christmas to you too! i was wondering when you’d be next available to meet? Thu, Dec 26 at 9:11PM , Hi!! Free tomorrow, saturday, weekend, next week? Pretty open ! Fri, Dec 27 at 10:35AM would you be available today evening at 7pm? Fri, Dec 27 at 11:42AM Oh I actually can’t today anymore 6 6 are you free tomorrow same time? can we do around 10 am? That works with me! Sat, Dec 28 at 11:54AM hey, i was wondering if should i submit a portfolio for columbia? I don’t think it’s as relevant to your major/program but can’t hurt So yes that would be good! Sun, Dec 29 at 10:58AM hi! do we have a call right now? Yes! Let me send an invite sent Sun, Dec 29 at 5:48PM hi! im reading over cornell essays again and i feel like somethings missing in this essay. i don’t think it’s clear how im an improvising innovator as the problem isn’t identified here —> ’– My mom’s Biryani recipe calls for 3 saffron pinches– $50 we can’t afford. Scanning the aisles of the Indian grocery store, I plopped rice into our cart. “But…saffron?” My mom holds a packet of turmeric. “We improvise.” This is who I am: an improvising innovator. So I founded Empowering AI, providing free AI ethics and DS resources to girls like me, joined Girls Who Code at school, and fostered virtual communities through Women In Games. STEM is a universal language. Like my mom improvising turmeric, I’ll continue creating solutions that prove the recipe for success is ours to write. Sun, Dec 29 at 7:17PM Hi! Do you think the “$50 we can’t afford” is clear enough? To my the problem is financial affordability— given that it’s a 100w essay I don’t think you need to go too much into it If you wanted to elaborate, you could do something like My favorite Biryani recipe calls for 3 saffron pinches — $50 my family needs for From my mom —> my favorite reduces doubt that this is something you frequently make/have made int he past Then you can cut words later in the essay “Scanning the grocery store isles, …” cannng e grocery sore ses, … would an alternate be to add a sentence before “so i founded empowering ai…” talking about the barrier? something like “when i was challenged with the inaffordability of tech education, I founded empowering ai, x, y, and z” That looks good does this final version look fine? My favorite Biryani recipe requires 3 saffron pinches– $50 my family needs for the electricity bills. I scan the aisles of the Indian supermarket. “But…saffron?” My mom holds a turmeric packet. “We improvise.” This is who I am: an improvising innovator. When challenged with the unaffordability of tech education, I founded Empowering AI – providing free AI-ethics and DS resources to girls like me, joined Girls Who Code at school, and fostered virtual communities through Women In Games. STEM is a universal language. Like my mom improvising turmeric, I’ll continue creating solutions proving the recipe for success is ours to write. Looks good! Mon, Dec 30 at 4:00PM unfortunately didn’t get selected to move forward with elks:( Tue, Dec 31 at 7:27PM From the ApplyingToCollege community on Reddit reddit.com Here’s a resource to prepare for the MIT interview. Here’s a resource to prepare for the MIT interview. Can you do some research on your interviewer and we’ll begin tomorrow by discussing him for about 5 minutes? Then we’ll do the mock interview Make sure to check your room to prepare the lighting and outfit that you plan to wear during your actual interview From the ApplyingToCollege community on Reddit reddit.com Some other potential questions Thu, Jan 2 at 10:36AM hi jenny, i was wondering if we could delay the call by 30 minutes? i still need a little time working on my edits ill send an email to mary Yes no problem I can also meet later in the afternoon? actually that would be great - how does 6 sound? sorry for all the changes No worries and that works Thu, Jan 2 at 2:11PM hi jenny, for this duke essay, i was a bit lost on how to approach it 2. Intellectual experience Tell us about an experience in the past year or two that reflects your imagination, creativity, or intellect. Thu, Jan 2 at 3:57PM Hi! I was thinking maybe you can start it with an example of how you taught a student to learn a concept they’d previously been struggling with using an innovative solution . And then you can connect it to your previous writing about Sunday school/English tutoring Thu, Jan 2 at 7:10PM forgot to ask in the call, for northwestern, do you recommend applying straight for CS or something like communication studies or journalism Straight CS! Fri, Jan 3 at 1:32PM hi jenny, i’m not sure when i scheduled our call for today but unfortunately i won’t be able to make it today 4 i have my brown application ready, so if you get the chance, please let me know if i can go ahead and submit : Fri, Jan 3 at 2:40PM also, here’s how my mit interview went! he started off right away, no introduction or elevator pitch or anything, just asking me what i did outside of school. i started off my thanking him then talking about how im a journalist, game dev, and ai ethics advocate, then moved on to talk about folklift, teaching my brother to ride a bike, and synthoria. he was curious to learn more about mountain house and i explained certain aspects like our overcrowding issue and other realities of being from a rural town/where it is then he asked if i’ve ever had any experienced where i’ve had to teach a non-science focused crowd something in science and i talked about synthoria/the classification model mini game in specifics. he asked be about what all my activities looked like and i spoke about empowering ai, eld, podcast club/ filmmakers club, jcamp, etc- basically mentioning everything i hadn't already. it was originally supposed to be 30 minutes, but we talked for over an hour! and he said towards the end “i have some time before my next call, but i’ll let you go here. i think you have a great shot at getting in, and you have good backups too. i really enjoyed talking to you!” overall, i think i was able to have a pretty casual conversation with him and he definitely eased up after we got through the basic questions No problem! I’ll look over your brown app ’ That’s incredible!!! It sounds like the interview went really well ! UCI and brown are both really great schools, it sounds like he feels pretty confident about you which is good given his role in both! Interview is important for MIT so glad it went well ! Fri, Jan 3 at 9:34PM for the “why brown” sentence does this sound good? At Brown, I can delve into data-driven storytelling at the Herald, explore ethical AI with CS for Social Good, and brainstorm creative tech solutions in the SciLi basement—all within a collaborative community that thrives on curiosity and interdisciplinary exploration. or something like this? - In Brown's SciLi's brutalist architecture, I see a parallel to my vision of computing—seemingly rigid structures that, through creative interpretation and reimagining, reveal stunning possibilities for innovation and artistic expression. Second Looks great! i also thought of another option: Brown's MCM lab, where students blend digital storytelling with computational art, embodies my vision of creating technology that doesn't just process—but performs, technology that doesn't just process—but performs, imagines, and inspires. I think that insert could go into a different essay for Brown if you want to add it Like how it embodies interdisciplinary learning for open curriculum By the brutalist architecture is more fitting for “why brown” But also your essays are really clean as is, so no need to shove it in okay great, thank you! submitting now Yay congratulations!! Fingers crossed Sun, Jan 5 at 11:55AM hi!! i wanted to ask a bit about how i can approach the brown video portfolio - it’s due tomorrow, so i think i need to start filming ASAP Sun, Jan 5 at 2:42PM Hi!! There are lots of example videos on YouTube, but i think a straightforward 2 minute intro should be good Things to address - where you’re from - what you’re interested in - why brown Should be relatively straightforward but if you want to get more creative/have time go for it! But they just want to see your personality Sun Jan 5 at 5:32PM Sun, Jan 5 at 5:32PM thank you! also, was wondering if you could take a quick look at my barnard essays? Yes! For brown, are you doing Glimpse? Northwestern and Duke also take it you have to submit directly on the portal i believe what do you mean? There are 2 options They take glimpse and directly at the portal But northwestern and duke only take glimpse ’ maybe glimpse is another method but i don’t see that here Video Introduction admission.brown.edu did you make your vid already? did you make your vid already? it’s great to make a creative brown one but also recommend making a glimpse one for the others The downside with glimpse is you can only submit one so it’s not personalized i haven’t made the video yet since i’m prioritizing completing the barnard essays right now I think if you don’t have time you can just do the glimpse because it’s less editing But the brown video component is optional So prioritize Barnard first when are the duke and nw videos due? Jan 17 But glimpse is just one video for all schools so not personalized I added some initial comments to you Barnard Essay Text me when you’ve gotten a chance to make changes and I can do a final review! Sun, Jan 5 at 8:44PM just completed the drafts/implemented changes!! Your Barnard essays look great! Ready to submit How are you feeling about the videos? the brown video is due tomorrow right? i’ll be trying the brown video is due tomorrow right? i’ll be trying to get it all done by then also me and my dad decided to cancel uchicago how does this sound for that essay? “taste-testing Joe Coffee’s newest latte or partaking in the Big Sub annually” It’s due “by Jan 6” but me and reddit are unsure what exactly that means I would try to start it earlier if possible in case Maybe not the latte because you write about chai, but are there any clubs you’d like to join at Barnard? Or cultural celebrations you could mention? Try to find one serious example and one casual example Like 1 can be a club, or something similar to the tone of the coffee one and the second can be related to the change you want to see in the world how does this sound? Whether partaking in the Big Sub challenge annually or fundraising for the South Asian Feminisms Alliance, I know this is where I’ll shape the stories I want to tell. here’s what i found online i’ll start asap! how does this sound? Whether partaking in the Big Sub challenge annually or fundraising for the South Asian Feminisms Alliance, I know this is where I’ll shape the stories I want to tell. Looks great! here’s what i found online Ok this sounds good:) Mon, Jan 6 at 9:25AM hi! so i had an idea for the brown portfolio - i wanted to make a sort of video game related video, so that i would be the player and i’d interact with objects/ people to reveal little things about myself i don’t know if that’s overboard haha Mon, Jan 6 at 8:48PM here’s my brown video portfolio! Mon, Jan 6 at 10:29PM , Hi!! Sorry i missed this message but it looks SO GOOD! Congratulations! Tue, Jan 7 at 6:53PM LinkedIn Possibilities in Tech Scholarship careers.linkedin.com Wed, Jan 8 at 6:48PM At this point, are you finished with all your apps? Just checked your tracker— congratulations!!! ❤ how does it feel? Wed, Jan 8 at 8:46PM besides the northwestern + duke videos i’m done with all my college apps !! : it feels amazing! now i know that the only thing i can do is wait, so that is a bit scary… but i’m very glad this part is done!! i wouldn’t have been able to see the growth in myself if you hadn’t me along this journey - thank you so much :’) Sat, Jan 11 at 1:12PM Awww : : : Congratulations Huda!!! I’m so proud of you!!! Congratulations Huda!!! I’m so proud of you!!! Now just a couple scholarship apps left ☺ I’m wondering if you’d be available for ~15-30 minutes sometime this week just to talk about your experiences with me/Ivylevel and your college application experience? Collecting some feedback to improve for next cycle :) Sun, Jan 12 at 5:16AM Scholarships - ESA Foundation Scholarships esafoundation.org Sun, Jan 12 at 4:30PM I’m wondering if you’d be available for ~15-30 minutes sometime this week just to talk about your experiences with me/Ivylevel and your college application experience? hi! i’m available tomorrow evenings. how does 8pm sound? are you available any earlier? Like 6:30pm? Mon, Jan 13 at 3:08PM 6:30 is good too see you then! Thank you!! Mon, Jan 13 at 6:33PM I don’t see a link so I’ll send one! A Turning Point for U.S. AI Policy: Senate Explores Solutions Omg wrong link Join Zoom Meeting https://us06web.zoom.us/j/86554802221? pwd=2ooAlnjd6I58wNSQQn8agt1RoFxsQ8.1 Meeting ID: 865 5480 2221 Passcode: 505651 --- One tap mobile +16694449171,,86554802221#,,,,*505651# US +17207072699,,86554802221#,,,,*505651# US --- Dial by your location • +1 669 444 9171 US • +1 720 707 2699 US • +1 253 205 0468 US • +1 253 215 8782 US • +1 346 248 7799 US Houston • +1 346 248 7799 US • +1 719 359 4580 US • +1 312 626 6799 US • +1 360 209 5623 US • +1 386 347 5053 US • +1 507 473 4847 US • +1 564 217 2000 US • +1 646 558 8656 US • +1 646 931 3860 US • +1 689 278 1000 US • +1 301 715 8592 US • +1 305 224 1968 US • +1 309 205 3325 US Meeting ID: 865 5480 2221 Passcode: 505651 Find your local number: https://us06web.zoom.us/u/ kb2eA96G6M Fri, Jan 17 at 4:57PM How did USC go? one down!!! 7 ❤ < Fri, Jan 24 at 8:46PM hi!! unc results came out today… and i got in!! = > YAYYYYYY I’m so proud of you!!!! Incredible!!! Go tar heels!!! = > = > = > = > = > ? @ ? ? ? ? ? ? @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ? ? ? ☺ A ✨ 5 Sun, Jan 26 at 7:13PM The embodiment of sexualized virtual selves: The Proteus effect and experiences of self objectification via avatars - ScienceDirect The embodiment of sexualized virtual selves: The Proteus effect and experiences of self objectification via avatars sciencedirect.com Tue, Feb 11 at 1:05PM Hi!! Quick question— what was your final SAT superstore? superscore* Tue, Feb 11 at 2:07PM hi!! ended up getting a 1530 Delivered Yay thank you!! jenny has notifications silenced",
  "segments": [
    "recommendations, but i also see online that the recommendations can be turned in 2 weeks after the deadline in case they can’t get done with it by tuesday Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM Okay great! Sounds good 5 Sun, Oct 6 at 9:39PM hey! forgot to bring this up in the call, but for the stanford curiosity essay, do you think it would be a good idea to write about ancestral data under representation of south asians? i would focus on the data aspect and why it’s important/why it happens What do you mean by ancestral data? That’s cool, like your own family’s data or data in general? like finding out what villages i’m from, who my great-grandparents are, and generally documentation from south asian history is gone so more broadly Yeah that’s really interesting! Maybe you can start with your family and then broaden it out to the diaspora as a whole Make sure to focus on the data aspect got it, thanks! Mon, Oct 7 at 7:15PM , Running 5 mins late!! no worries! see you soon Sorry I am heading back to dorm!! I’ll let you know when I am on hopefully asap! Tue, Oct 8 at 10:25AM hey! so i was actually thinking about my EC list and was wondering if i should put my VP role at the podcast club instead of the english language development tutoring? i started both this year and this might fill the leadership gap in my profile? Yeah I think that’s a good idea! ESP because you already do “tutoring” stuff with the mosque :) Tue, Oct 8 at 3:45PM Hi! I don’t think Mary sent an invite for today, did you still want to meet? hi, i don’t see any meeting either— if you’re still free i’d like to meet! Cool I’ll send an invite Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting stanford.zoom.us Oh wait wrong account One momen Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us ^ this is the correct link! Tue, Oct 8 at 4:50PM So sorr I ended the meetin because I kee havin So sorry I ended the meeting because I keep having wifi issues, but congrats again!! We’re still meeting tomorrow, right? thank you! yes I’ll send a recap but nex",
    "t steps are to go over commonapp, UNC, finalize Stanford and UC can i send my personal statement over so you can see it before tomorrows meeting? Yea of course! thank you! Sign-in docs.google.com Tue, Oct 8 at 6:13PM Hi huda! Wondering if you’re available in the morning tomorrow? If you are, would it be possible to move our meeting to around 8:30? Tue, Oct 8 at 8:47PM i can do that time! Yay thank you! Wed, Oct 9 at 2:37PM Hi! I have a pretty tight schedule tmrw but I can meet 7:30am, 9:30pm, or Friday! Let me know what you’d prefer :) Wed, Oct 9 at 11:50PM let’s schedule something for friday in that case! let’s schedule something for friday in that case! sorry for the late response Great! How’s 2:30-3:30pm? Thu, Oct 10 at 1:27PM actually that time is a bit tough—almost any other time works though I can do early morning or 3:30-4:30! also, i’m submitting my disney dreamers application, do these essays look okay? - Disney Dreamers docs.google.com I can do early morning or 3:30-4:30! 3:30 sounds great Ok great! I’ll take a look at the essays I’ll confirm about time later today, working some scheduling considerations out rn ok sounds great!! thank you Would you be able to add word counts to the essays? Thank you! done!! Ty! One more thing- can you share with my personal email as well? Got it, thanks! Essays look great! Made small edits Fri, Oct 11 at 10:05PM hey jenny! updated “time spent” for the EC list, please let me know if this is okay! — Sign-in docs.google.com Thanks! Can you confirm if it’s 150 words or characters? oh shoot it’s 150 characters I think you’ll need to cut down a lot Ah yes That would be a great next step i guess i’ll just prioritize the metrics then I think so! Can you make a copy of this on a separate doc and cut there? I feel like there’s good content here that can be saved for another use case just updated it !! i’ll link the original version at the top Great thanks! btw, can i add “ap scholar with distinction” as one of my honors? i feel it’s",
    " more impressive than the my onors ee s more mpressve an e bronze presidential volunteer service award Can you send me your total awards list so I can see in context? and i technically haven’t earned my volunteer service award yet - i think the official applications are in spring Ok I don’t think you should put the PVSA award if you haven’t received Then you can put both 5 and 6 For awards Sat, Oct 12 at 1:14PM What time do you want to meet next? How’s Sunday, 7-8? Pm sunday at 7 sounds good!! Sun, Oct 13 at 6:28PM Hi I’m running a bit late, would you be open to meeting for 45 minutes today, or from 8-9? So sorry for the late notice 6 hi! 8-9 is better. also, my dad will be there for the first 15-ish minutes to chat about my personal statement no worries! Ok great! Ok great! Let’s do that Oh I just realized I have an 8-9, is 9 okay? Sorry! Mon, Oct 14 at 6:30PM just submitted UNC!! Congratulations Huda!!!!! 7 so happy and proud of you! Tue, Oct 15 at 7:26PM Hi Huda, I’m really sorry but I might need to cancel or push back our meeting tonight… I personally am also behind on a really important application due tonight 6 Is there anything urgent that I can review today asynchronously? And can we schedule for tomorrow instead? If need be I can also meet today for ~30 minutes for anything super urgent hi, no worries! we can meet tomorrow. i can send over my USC supplementals once i like most of the drafts Ok great! Is there anything urgent for today? Is there anything urgent for today? I want to make sure we prioritize anything top of mind for you not necessarily, i think USC was the primary focus as stanford and USC are closest Ok great! What about 8:15 tomorrow? Wed, Oct 16 at 10:05AM hi! this works for me forgot to send this, but here are the usc supplementals. thank you! - Sign-in docs.google.com Wed, Oct 16 at 7:55PM Thank you!! Fri, Oct 18 at 4:05PM hi jenny! i was wondering if you’d be available to move up the call to 6-7. no worries if not!! hi!! I don’t think I c",
    "an move it to 6:( but I can do 6:45 if that’s better? Sat, Oct 19 at 8:32PM hey!! hope you’re enjoying LA :) had a quick question about the usc short answers— would saying the theme song for my life is “theme from new york, new york” be off-putting to the AOs since it’s a song about new york? hmmm good question I didn’t think of that hmmm good question I didn’t think of that maybe- is there another song that exemplifies leaving a small town? Sat, Oct 19 at 10:02PM there’s this song “fast car” by tracy chapman that has a similar message here are some ideas i had for the response: 1 \"Fast Car\"—My small town wasn’t a speed bump, it was my fuel. Now I’m shifting gears to new horizons. 2 \"Fast Car\"—My small town filled the tank, now I’m racing with no pit stops. Destination: stories waiting to be told! alternatively, i could also do the song “ain’t no mountain high enough” and focus on resilience? Sat, Oct 19 at 11:19PM I like 2!!! Fast car sounds good Mon, Oct 21 at 7:04PM hey jenny, just to confirm what time will we be meeting today? Hi!! I totally forgot what time we agred- when works for you? sorry i just saw this— unfortunately a bit busy for the night and tomorrow as well. can we meet on wednesday? Ok no problem! Yes that works, what time? Before 6 miht be referable for me Before 6 might be preferable for me If that’s okay, also do you need help with anything synch? Asynch? Before 6 might be preferable for me is 5 ok? Perfect! If that’s okay, also do you need help with anything synch? i edited usc essay 1 and was also wondering if essay 3 looks fine, thank you!! Great, ill take a look at those ! Wed, Oct 23 at 3:08PM Meeting ID: 811 0145 9588 Passcode: 280738 Here’s the code for 5-6pm today! Mary’s having an issue with the gcal Wed, Oct 23 at 6:25PM i forgot to ask, but for the activities section should i separate the bullet points with “|”? because i saw my pdf for the unc submission and the line breaks aren’t clear aren’t clear Wed, Oct 23 at 9:19PM Hmmm can you ",
    "send me the pdf? Thu, Oct 24 at 9:56AM UNC APP.pdf PDF Document · 73 KB Activities.pdf PDF Document · 161 KB this is how it looks updated sorry i’m asking a million questions \" but also some people from jcamp are putting it down as an award since it was one week, and if were to do that i could replace one of my less prestigious awards and also have space for podcast club, what do you think sounds better? Sun, Oct 27 at 5:19PM hey jenny, went over some revisions to the “why you at stanford” essay- please let me know if these changes are okay and anything i can fix when you get the time, thank you!! Huda - Stanford Supplementals docs.google.com Sun, Oct 27 at 9:00PM sorry i’m asking a million questions \" but also some people from jcamp are putting it down as an award since it was one week, and if were to do that i could replace one of my less prestigious awards and also have space… I think it is strong as an activity! I think that’s if they have other activities But what do you think? I think your current awards are strong enough that it’s okay Quality > quantity of activities i forgot to ask, but for the activities section should i separate the bullet points with “|”? because i saw my pdf for the unc submission and the line breaks aren’t clear If you have enough characters yes I would use | instead of - But it doesn’t matter that much because AOs are used to interpreting various different forms hey jenny, went over some revisions to the “why you at stanford” essay please let me know if these changes are okay and anything i can fix when you get the time, thank you!! Tysm! Also when are you available for a next meeting? Left some comments! Mon, Oct 28 at 9:37AM hey jenny, went over some revisions to the “why you at stanford” essay please let me know if these changes are okay and anything i can fix when you get the time, thank you!! I’m available today afternoon , but any day works alternatively!! sorry i’m asking a million questions \" but also some people from jcamp ar",
    "e putting it down as an award since it was one week, and if were to do that i could replace one of my less prestigious awards and also have space… that makes sense, I also thought JCamp sounded better with a description as an EC!! How’s 8pm today? Yeah I agree! Mon, Oct 28 at 12:10PM sounds great!! Great Sat, Nov 2 at 11:07AM hey jenny, do we have a meeting today? Sat, Nov 2 at 2:38PM Omg hi I’m so sorry I think I forgot to schedule, are you available later today or tomorrow? Sun Nov 10 at 11:13PM Sun, Nov 10 at 11:13PM hi! so sorry i didn’t reach out sooner. are you available anytime tomorrow evening for a call about the CSS profile? Mon, Nov 11 at 2:14PM Hi!! Good to hear from you! When is it due? Tonight is a bit tough but I can tomorrow for sure! Sat, Nov 16 at 10:16AM hi!! i was wondering if we could set up a meeting sometime tomorrow to review UC essays? Sat, Nov 16 at 9:05PM Hi!! Can you reach out to Mary for scheduling? They are getting mad at me for scheduling meetings out of protocol :( Tue, Nov 19 at 9:05PM hi! are we having a meeting right now? I think so? I messaged Mary and siraj to send a link but I don’t know if they’ve seen it I think I’ll wait 5 mins and if they don’t respond we can do 9:10-10:10 and I’ll send one Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us Here’s a link! Fri, Nov 29 at 4:57PM ’’ Hi!! I don’t think today’s session got set up - are you free tomorrow? Sat, Nov 30 at 10:17AM hi! sorry for the late reply—are you available at 12? Sat, Nov 30 at 11:38AM Scheduled! hey, where can I find the join link? Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting stanford.zoom.us Oh wait Let me send an ivyLevel one I think Mary is working on it Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us We can use this Sun, Dec 1 at 4:47PM hey! im filling out mit rn and it only allows 4 activities — i decided on empowering ai, synthoria, filmmaker’s club, and women in games . I was wondering if i should add details about content creation under the “significant information that",
    " you were not able to include elsewhere in the application” textbox Sun, Dec 1 at 7:09PM That looks good ! I don’t think that’s necessary! I think they know every applicant does more than 4 I think they know every applicant does more than 4 activities so it’s okay And your essays capture what you do well Thu, Dec 5 at 1:40PM Hi!! I’m wondering if you’re free to meet tmrw afternoon? Might give some additional time to work on the essays if that helps- otherwise happy to keep the 9pm time! Thu, Dec 5 at 6:14PM hi! that would work great actually How’s like 4pm? Or 4:30? 4:30 sounds good Fri, Dec 6 at 12:29AM I scheduled with Mary for 5! If that doesn’t work we can do 4:30!! Sorry for the time switch Sat, Dec 7 at 8:50PM Hi!! I’m running a little late for tonight- is there any chance you’d be available at 9:30? hi!! i thought our meeting was for sunday? Oh okay perfect!! I must have hallucinated this You’re right I misremembered!! Thank you:) You’re right I misremembered!! Thank you:) no problem!! let’s meet tomorrow Sun, Dec 8 at 5:41PM Hi! our. meeting is set for 7pm today, but I’m wondering if you’d be able to do 8pm by chance? 8pm works!! Thank you!! Mon, Dec 9 at 10:13AM hi! i was wondering if you could take a look at my upenn dmd essay when you get the time? thank you! Hi! Yes I can do that now! Would you be able to share it with my personal? jenny.s.duan@gmail.com ? I don’t have access to my work email at the moment Mon, Dec 9 at 2:59PM sent!! Left comments! Also, when are you free to meet next? thanks! are you available tomorrow evening? like around 7pm? Would tonight work? If not I can do tomorrow! actually tonight works as well! Cool, can we do 8? oo, can we o 8 is good Thanks! I’ll contact Mary Mon, Dec 9 at 5:27PM Are you able to start at 6 actually! If not 8 is perfect Actually sorry for the changes let’s just keep 8 - talk then! Fri, Dec 13 at 7:51PM Hi! I heard about Stanford. First of all, I’m so proud of all the hard work you’ve put in. Remember that one",
    " acceptance or rejection does not mean anything, only that a better opportunity is coming. You’ve done amazing and I’m here for you if you need anything 8 Sat, Dec 14 at 8:47AM hi!! thank u sm :)) ❤ ❤ also, i got an email from an mit interviewer! Sun, Dec 15 at 10:28AM hi jenny - made some changes to the ‘why columbia’ essay Late nights at Pulitzer Hall, I’m running on chai and ambition. The glow of my laptop matches the city lights spilling through the windows as I sift through datasets for The Brown Institute. I’m training AI to uncover bias in news coverage, wondering how this will reshape the way Muslim women like me are portrayed globally. By morning, I’m at Masjid Malcolm Shabazz, documenting Harlem’s Muslim community for a Columbia Journalism Investigations project. Later, I’m at The Forum, presenting an interactive data visualization to CU Game Dev, uncovering patterns in video-game player behavior. I usually interpret datasets, but the Core pushes me to interpret Dante’s Inferno. And when the city gets loud, I retreat to Butler Library’s Rare Books Room, flipping through archives that spark my next narrative project. Every overheard conversation at Joe Coffee at Columbia will push me to question, uncover, and tell stories that shape the world. Sun, Dec 15 at 11:09PM Looks great! Approved ! I like the Joe Coffee detail Is it Joe or Joe’s coffee? Mon, Dec 16 at 10:05AM it’s joe coffee my dad wanted us to take another look at it because he feels a couple details are a bit controversial or the application for columbia in general not this essay in specific Mon, Dec 16 at 6:27PM We can look over it tonight! what time is out meeting again? what time is out meeting again? I have it saved for 7pm? Is now a good time to meet? Not sure if Mary sent an invite i’m good with meeting right now i have a draft for AFE but unfortunately didn’t work on columbia why major yet Okay I’ll send a link! Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting stanford.zoom.us Whoops wrong one Join our Clou",
    "d HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us Here! i think the audio was a bit delayed I think my wifi just quit Trying to switch networks Ok I’m back on, do you think you can try to join again? Mon, Dec 16 at 8:42PM Thanks for your patience today and yay happy to see your progress! I know AFE is due soon so I took a look at those essays and left comments as well Same with NYU! When are you free to meet next? /when is most helpful for you? Mon, Dec 16 at 9:51PM does Wednesday work - same time? also, for AFE, should i mention activities which aren’t particularly stem related? such as sunday school, jcamp, folklift, podcast club, filmmaker’s club Tue, Dec 17 at 7:12AM Yes great And yes! How do you see yourself mentioning them? Tue, Dec 17 at 12:26PM i meant when inputting the activities Yes you should Sun, Dec 22 at 4:12PM Hi!! Hope the wedding is going well! Wondering if you have any admission updates for the CSUs? I’ve heard some have started to come out Mon, Dec 23 at 4:03PM hi!! i got into sjsu for data science so far! Wed, Dec 25 at 3:10PM Awesome congratulations! And merry Christmas! Thu, Dec 26 at 5:57PM hi, merry christmas to you too! i was wondering when you’d be next available to meet? Thu, Dec 26 at 9:11PM , Hi!! Free tomorrow, saturday, weekend, next week? Pretty open ! Fri, Dec 27 at 10:35AM would you be available today evening at 7pm? Fri, Dec 27 at 11:42AM Oh I actually can’t today anymore 6 6 are you free tomorrow same time? can we do around 10 am? That works with me! Sat, Dec 28 at 11:54AM hey, i was wondering if should i submit a portfolio for columbia? I don’t think it’s as relevant to your major/program but can’t hurt So yes that would be good! Sun, Dec 29 at 10:58AM hi! do we have a call right now? Yes! Let me send an invite sent Sun, Dec 29 at 5:48PM hi! im reading over cornell essays again and i feel like somethings missing in this essay. i don’t think it’s clear how im an improvising innovator as the problem isn’t identified here —> ’– My mom’s Biryani r",
    "ecipe calls for 3 saffron pinches– $50 we can’t afford. Scanning the aisles of the Indian grocery store, I plopped rice into our cart. “But…saffron?” My mom holds a packet of turmeric. “We improvise.” This is who I am: an improvising innovator. So I founded Empowering AI, providing free AI ethics and DS resources to girls like me, joined Girls Who Code at school, and fostered virtual communities through Women In Games. STEM is a universal language. Like my mom improvising turmeric, I’ll continue creating solutions that prove the recipe for success is ours to write. Sun, Dec 29 at 7:17PM Hi! Do you think the “$50 we can’t afford” is clear enough? To my the problem is financial affordability— given that it’s a 100w essay I don’t think you need to go too much into it If you wanted to elaborate, you could do something like My favorite Biryani recipe calls for 3 saffron pinches — $50 my family needs for From my mom —> my favorite reduces doubt that this is something you frequently make/have made int he past Then you can cut words later in the essay “Scanning the grocery store isles, …” cannng e grocery sore ses, … would an alternate be to add a sentence before “so i founded empowering ai…” talking about the barrier? something like “when i was challenged with the inaffordability of tech education, I founded empowering ai, x, y, and z” That looks good does this final version look fine? My favorite Biryani recipe requires 3 saffron pinches– $50 my family needs for the electricity bills. I scan the aisles of the Indian supermarket. “But…saffron?” My mom holds a turmeric packet. “We improvise.” This is who I am: an improvising innovator. When challenged with the unaffordability of tech education, I founded Empowering AI – providing free AI-ethics and DS resources to girls like me, joined Girls Who Code at school, and fostered virtual communities through Women In Games. STEM is a universal language. Like my mom improvising turmeric, I’ll continue creating solutions proving the",
    " recipe for success is ours to write. Looks good! Mon, Dec 30 at 4:00PM unfortunately didn’t get selected to move forward with elks:( Tue, Dec 31 at 7:27PM From the ApplyingToCollege community on Reddit reddit.com Here’s a resource to prepare for the MIT interview. Here’s a resource to prepare for the MIT interview. Can you do some research on your interviewer and we’ll begin tomorrow by discussing him for about 5 minutes? Then we’ll do the mock interview Make sure to check your room to prepare the lighting and outfit that you plan to wear during your actual interview From the ApplyingToCollege community on Reddit reddit.com Some other potential questions Thu, Jan 2 at 10:36AM hi jenny, i was wondering if we could delay the call by 30 minutes? i still need a little time working on my edits ill send an email to mary Yes no problem I can also meet later in the afternoon? actually that would be great - how does 6 sound? sorry for all the changes No worries and that works Thu, Jan 2 at 2:11PM hi jenny, for this duke essay, i was a bit lost on how to approach it 2. Intellectual experience Tell us about an experience in the past year or two that reflects your imagination, creativity, or intellect. Thu, Jan 2 at 3:57PM Hi! I was thinking maybe you can start it with an example of how you taught a student to learn a concept they’d previously been struggling with using an innovative solution . And then you can connect it to your previous writing about Sunday school/English tutoring Thu, Jan 2 at 7:10PM forgot to ask in the call, for northwestern, do you recommend applying straight for CS or something like communication studies or journalism Straight CS! Fri, Jan 3 at 1:32PM hi jenny, i’m not sure when i scheduled our call for today but unfortunately i won’t be able to make it today 4 i have my brown application ready, so if you get the chance, please let me know if i can go ahead and submit : Fri, Jan 3 at 2:40PM also, here’s how my mit interview went! he started off right aw",
    "ay, no introduction or elevator pitch or anything, just asking me what i did outside of school. i started off my thanking him then talking about how im a journalist, game dev, and ai ethics advocate, then moved on to talk about folklift, teaching my brother to ride a bike, and synthoria. he was curious to learn more about mountain house and i explained certain aspects like our overcrowding issue and other realities of being from a rural town/where it is then he asked if i’ve ever had any experienced where i’ve had to teach a non-science focused crowd something in science and i talked about synthoria/the classification model mini game in specifics. he asked be about what all my activities looked like and i spoke about empowering ai, eld, podcast club/ filmmakers club, jcamp, etc- basically mentioning everything i hadn't already. it was originally supposed to be 30 minutes, but we talked for over an hour! and he said towards the end “i have some time before my next call, but i’ll let you go here. i think you have a great shot at getting in, and you have good backups too. i really enjoyed talking to you!” overall, i think i was able to have a pretty casual conversation with him and he definitely eased up after we got through the basic questions No problem! I’ll look over your brown app ’ That’s incredible!!! It sounds like the interview went really well ! UCI and brown are both really great schools, it sounds like he feels pretty confident about you which is good given his role in both! Interview is important for MIT so glad it went well ! Fri, Jan 3 at 9:34PM for the “why brown” sentence does this sound good? At Brown, I can delve into data-driven storytelling at the Herald, explore ethical AI with CS for Social Good, and brainstorm creative tech solutions in the SciLi basement—all within a collaborative community that thrives on curiosity and interdisciplinary exploration. or something like this? - In Brown's SciLi's brutalist architecture, I see a parallel to my vis",
    "ion of computing—seemingly rigid structures that, through creative interpretation and reimagining, reveal stunning possibilities for innovation and artistic expression. Second Looks great! i also thought of another option: Brown's MCM lab, where students blend digital storytelling with computational art, embodies my vision of creating technology that doesn't just process—but performs, technology that doesn't just process—but performs, imagines, and inspires. I think that insert could go into a different essay for Brown if you want to add it Like how it embodies interdisciplinary learning for open curriculum By the brutalist architecture is more fitting for “why brown” But also your essays are really clean as is, so no need to shove it in okay great, thank you! submitting now Yay congratulations!! Fingers crossed Sun, Jan 5 at 11:55AM hi!! i wanted to ask a bit about how i can approach the brown video portfolio - it’s due tomorrow, so i think i need to start filming ASAP Sun, Jan 5 at 2:42PM Hi!! There are lots of example videos on YouTube, but i think a straightforward 2 minute intro should be good Things to address - where you’re from - what you’re interested in - why brown Should be relatively straightforward but if you want to get more creative/have time go for it! But they just want to see your personality Sun Jan 5 at 5:32PM Sun, Jan 5 at 5:32PM thank you! also, was wondering if you could take a quick look at my barnard essays? Yes! For brown, are you doing Glimpse? Northwestern and Duke also take it you have to submit directly on the portal i believe what do you mean? There are 2 options They take glimpse and directly at the portal But northwestern and duke only take glimpse ’ maybe glimpse is another method but i don’t see that here Video Introduction admission.brown.edu did you make your vid already? did you make your vid already? it’s great to make a creative brown one but also recommend making a glimpse one for the others The downside with glimpse is you c",
    "an only submit one so it’s not personalized i haven’t made the video yet since i’m prioritizing completing the barnard essays right now I think if you don’t have time you can just do the glimpse because it’s less editing But the brown video component is optional So prioritize Barnard first when are the duke and nw videos due? Jan 17 But glimpse is just one video for all schools so not personalized I added some initial comments to you Barnard Essay Text me when you’ve gotten a chance to make changes and I can do a final review! Sun, Jan 5 at 8:44PM just completed the drafts/implemented changes!! Your Barnard essays look great! Ready to submit How are you feeling about the videos? the brown video is due tomorrow right? i’ll be trying the brown video is due tomorrow right? i’ll be trying to get it all done by then also me and my dad decided to cancel uchicago how does this sound for that essay? “taste-testing Joe Coffee’s newest latte or partaking in the Big Sub annually” It’s due “by Jan 6” but me and reddit are unsure what exactly that means I would try to start it earlier if possible in case Maybe not the latte because you write about chai, but are there any clubs you’d like to join at Barnard? Or cultural celebrations you could mention? Try to find one serious example and one casual example Like 1 can be a club, or something similar to the tone of the coffee one and the second can be related to the change you want to see in the world how does this sound? Whether partaking in the Big Sub challenge annually or fundraising for the South Asian Feminisms Alliance, I know this is where I’ll shape the stories I want to tell. here’s what i found online i’ll start asap! how does this sound? Whether partaking in the Big Sub challenge annually or fundraising for the South Asian Feminisms Alliance, I know this is where I’ll shape the stories I want to tell. Looks great! here’s what i found online Ok this sounds good:) Mon, Jan 6 at 9:25AM hi! so i had an idea for the brown por",
    "tfolio - i wanted to make a sort of video game related video, so that i would be the player and i’d interact with objects/ people to reveal little things about myself i don’t know if that’s overboard haha Mon, Jan 6 at 8:48PM here’s my brown video portfolio! Mon, Jan 6 at 10:29PM , Hi!! Sorry i missed this message but it looks SO GOOD! Congratulations! Tue, Jan 7 at 6:53PM LinkedIn Possibilities in Tech Scholarship careers.linkedin.com Wed, Jan 8 at 6:48PM At this point, are you finished with all your apps? Just checked your tracker— congratulations!!! ❤ how does it feel? Wed, Jan 8 at 8:46PM besides the northwestern + duke videos i’m done with all my college apps !! : it feels amazing! now i know that the only thing i can do is wait, so that is a bit scary… but i’m very glad this part is done!! i wouldn’t have been able to see the growth in myself if you hadn’t me along this journey - thank you so much :’) Sat, Jan 11 at 1:12PM Awww : : : Congratulations Huda!!! I’m so proud of you!!! Congratulations Huda!!! I’m so proud of you!!! Now just a couple scholarship apps left ☺ I’m wondering if you’d be available for ~15-30 minutes sometime this week just to talk about your experiences with me/Ivylevel and your college application experience? Collecting some feedback to improve for next cycle :) Sun, Jan 12 at 5:16AM Scholarships - ESA Foundation Scholarships esafoundation.org Sun, Jan 12 at 4:30PM I’m wondering if you’d be available for ~15-30 minutes sometime this week just to talk about your experiences with me/Ivylevel and your college application experience? hi! i’m available tomorrow evenings. how does 8pm sound? are you available any earlier? Like 6:30pm? Mon, Jan 13 at 3:08PM 6:30 is good too see you then! Thank you!! Mon, Jan 13 at 6:33PM I don’t see a link so I’ll send one! A Turning Point for U.S. AI Policy: Senate Explores Solutions Omg wrong link Join Zoom Meeting https://us06web.zoom.us/j/86554802221? pwd=2ooAlnjd6I58wNSQQn8agt1RoFxsQ8.1 Meeting ID: 865 548",
    "0 2221 Passcode: 505651 --- One tap mobile +16694449171,,86554802221#,,,,*505651# US +17207072699,,86554802221#,,,,*505651# US --- Dial by your location • +1 669 444 9171 US • +1 720 707 2699 US • +1 253 205 0468 US • +1 253 215 8782 US • +1 346 248 7799 US Houston • +1 346 248 7799 US • +1 719 359 4580 US • +1 312 626 6799 US • +1 360 209 5623 US • +1 386 347 5053 US • +1 507 473 4847 US • +1 564 217 2000 US • +1 646 558 8656 US • +1 646 931 3860 US • +1 689 278 1000 US • +1 301 715 8592 US • +1 305 224 1968 US • +1 309 205 3325 US Meeting ID: 865 5480 2221 Passcode: 505651 Find your local number: https://us06web.zoom.us/u/ kb2eA96G6M Fri, Jan 17 at 4:57PM How did USC go? one down!!! 7 ❤ < Fri, Jan 24 at 8:46PM hi!! unc results came out today… and i got in!! = > YAYYYYYY I’m so proud of you!!!! Incredible!!! Go tar heels!!! = > = > = > = > = > ? @ ? ? ? ? ? ? @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ? ? ? ☺ A ✨ 5 Sun, Jan 26 at 7:13PM The embodiment of sexualized virtual selves: The Proteus effect and experiences of self objectification via avatars - ScienceDirect The embodiment of sexualized virtual selves: The Proteus effect and experiences of self objectification via avatars sciencedirect.com Tue, Feb 11 at 1:05PM Hi!! Quick question— what was your final SAT superstore? superscore* Tue, Feb 11 at 2:07PM hi!! ended up getting a 1530 Delivered Yay thank you!! jenny has notifications silenced"
  ],
  "meta": {
    "ext": ".pdf",
    "source": "normalize-v1",
    "vtt": false
  },
  "turns": [
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "recommendations, but i also see online that the recommendations can be turned in 2 weeks after the deadline in case they can’t get done with it by tuesday",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "coach",
      "text": "Okay great! Sounds good 5 Sun, Oct 6 at 9:39PM hey! forgot to bring this up in the call, but for the stanford curiosity essay, do you think it would be a good idea to write about ancestral data under representation of south asians? i would focus on the data aspect and why it’s important/why it happens What do you mean by ancestral data? That’s cool, like your own family’s data or data in general? like finding out what villages i’m from, who my great-grandparents are, and generally documentation from south asian history is gone so more broadly Yeah that’s really interesting! Maybe you can start with your family and then broaden it out to the diaspora as a whole Make sure to focus on the data aspect got it, thanks! Mon, Oct 7 at 7:15PM , Running 5 mins late!! no worries! see you soon Sorry I am heading back to dorm!! I’ll let you know when I am on hopefully asap! Tue, Oct 8 at 10:25AM hey! so i was actually thinking about my EC list and was wondering if i should put my VP role at the podcast club instead of the english language development tutoring? i started both this year and this might fill the leadership gap in my profile? Yeah I think that’s a good idea! ESP because you already do “tutoring” stuff with the mosque :) Tue, Oct 8 at 3:45PM Hi! I don’t think Mary sent an invite for today, did you still want to meet? hi, i don’t see any meeting either— if you’re still free i’d like to meet! Cool I’ll send an invite Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting stanford.zoom.us Oh wait wrong account One momen Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us ^ this is the correct link! Tue, Oct 8 at 4:50PM So sorr I ended the meetin because I kee havin So sorry I ended the meeting because I keep having wifi issues, but congrats again!! We’re still meeting tomorrow, right? thank you! yes I’ll send a recap but next steps are to go over commonapp, UNC, finalize Stanford and UC can i send my personal statement over so you can see it before tomorrows meeting? Yea of course! thank you! Sign-in docs.google.com Tue, Oct 8 at 6:13PM Hi huda! Wondering if you’re available in the morning tomorrow? If you are, would it be possible to move our meeting to around 8:30? Tue, Oct 8 at 8:47PM i can do that time! Yay thank you! Wed, Oct 9 at 2:37PM Hi! I have a pretty tight schedule tmrw but I can meet 7:30am, 9:30pm, or Friday! Let me know what you’d prefer :) Wed, Oct 9 at 11:50PM let’s schedule something for friday in that case! let’s schedule something for friday in that case! sorry for the late response Great! How’s 2:30-3:30pm? Thu, Oct 10 at 1:27PM actually that time is a bit tough—almost any other time works though I can do early morning or 3:30-4:30! also, i’m submitting my disney dreamers application, do these essays look okay? - Disney Dreamers docs.google.com I can do early morning or 3:30-4:30! 3:30 sounds great Ok great! I’ll take a look at the essays I’ll confirm about time later today, working some scheduling considerations out rn ok sounds great!! thank you Would you be able to add word counts to the essays? Thank you! done!! Ty! One more thing- can you share with my personal email as well? Got it, thanks! Essays look great! Made small edits Fri, Oct 11 at 10:05PM hey jenny! updated “time spent” for the EC list, please let me know if this is okay! — Sign-in docs.google.com Thanks! Can you confirm if it’s 150 words or characters? oh shoot it’s 150 characters I think you’ll need to cut down a lot Ah yes That would be a great next step i guess i’ll just prioritize the metrics then I think so! Can you make a copy of this on a separate doc and cut there? I feel like there’s good content here that can be saved for another use case just updated it !! i’ll link the original version at the top Great thanks! btw, can i add “ap scholar with distinction” as one of my honors? i feel it’s more impressive than the my onors ee s more mpressve an e bronze presidential volunteer service award Can you send me your total awards list so I can see in context? and i technically haven’t earned my volunteer service award yet - i think the official applications are in spring Ok I don’t think you should put the PVSA award if you haven’t received Then you can put both 5 and 6 For awards Sat, Oct 12 at 1:14PM What time do you want to meet next? How’s Sunday, 7-8? Pm sunday at 7 sounds good!! Sun, Oct 13 at 6:28PM Hi I’m running a bit late, would you be open to meeting for 45 minutes today, or from 8-9? So sorry for the late notice 6 hi! 8-9 is better. also, my dad will be there for the first 15-ish minutes to chat about my personal statement no worries! Ok great! Ok great! Let’s do that Oh I just realized I have an 8-9, is 9 okay? Sorry! Mon, Oct 14 at 6:30PM just submitted UNC!! Congratulations Huda!!!!! 7 so happy and proud of you! Tue, Oct 15 at 7:26PM Hi Huda, I’m really sorry but I might need to cancel or push back our meeting tonight… I personally am also behind on a really important application due tonight 6 Is there anything urgent that I can review today asynchronously? And can we schedule for tomorrow instead? If need be I can also meet today for ~30 minutes for anything super urgent hi, no worries! we can meet tomorrow. i can send over my USC supplementals once i like most of the drafts Ok great! Is there anything urgent for today? Is there anything urgent for today? I want to make sure we prioritize anything top of mind for you not necessarily, i think USC was the primary focus as stanford and USC are closest Ok great! What about 8:15 tomorrow? Wed, Oct 16 at 10:05AM hi! this works for me forgot to send this, but here are the usc supplementals. thank you! - Sign-in docs.google.com Wed, Oct 16 at 7:55PM Thank you!! Fri, Oct 18 at 4:05PM hi jenny! i was wondering if you’d be available to move up the call to 6-7. no worries if not!! hi!! I don’t think I can move it to 6:( but I can do 6:45 if that’s better? Sat, Oct 19 at 8:32PM hey!! hope you’re enjoying LA :) had a quick question about the usc short answers— would saying the theme song for my life is “theme from new york, new york” be off-putting to the AOs since it’s a song about new york? hmmm good question I didn’t think of that hmmm good question I didn’t think of that maybe- is there another song that exemplifies leaving a small town? Sat, Oct 19 at 10:02PM there’s this song “fast car” by tracy chapman that has a similar message here are some ideas i had for the response: 1 \"Fast Car\"—My small town wasn’t a speed bump, it was my fuel.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.9
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "Now I’m shifting gears to new horizons. 2 \"Fast Car\"—My small town filled the tank, now I’m racing with no pit stops.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.75
    },
    {
      "speaker": "coach",
      "text": "Destination: stories waiting to be told! alternatively, i could also do the song “ain’t no mountain high enough” and focus on resilience? Sat, Oct 19 at 11:19PM I like 2!!! Fast car sounds good Mon, Oct 21 at 7:04PM hey jenny, just to confirm what time will we be meeting today? Hi!! I totally forgot what time we agred- when works for you? sorry i just saw this— unfortunately a bit busy for the night and tomorrow as well. can we meet on wednesday? Ok no problem! Yes that works, what time? Before 6 miht be referable for me Before 6 might be preferable for me If that’s okay, also do you need help with anything synch? Asynch? Before 6 might be preferable for me is 5 ok? Perfect! If that’s okay, also do you need help with anything synch? i edited usc essay 1 and was also wondering if essay 3 looks fine, thank you!! Great, ill take a look at those ! Wed, Oct 23 at 3:08PM Meeting ID: 811 0145 9588 Passcode: 280738 Here’s the code for 5-6pm today! Mary’s having an issue with the gcal Wed, Oct 23 at 6:25PM i forgot to ask, but for the activities section should i separate the bullet points with “|”? because i saw my pdf for the unc submission and the line breaks aren’t clear aren’t clear Wed, Oct 23 at 9:19PM Hmmm can you send me the pdf? Thu, Oct 24 at 9:56AM UNC APP.pdf PDF Document · 73 KB Activities.pdf PDF Document · 161 KB this is how it looks updated sorry i’m asking a million questions \" but also some people from jcamp are putting it down as an award since it was one week, and if were to do that i could replace one of my less prestigious awards and also have space for podcast club, what do you think sounds better? Sun, Oct 27 at 5:19PM hey jenny, went over some revisions to the “why you at stanford” essay- please let me know if these changes are okay and anything i can fix when you get the time, thank you!! Huda - Stanford Supplementals docs.google.com Sun, Oct 27 at 9:00PM sorry i’m asking a million questions \" but also some people from jcamp are putting it down as an award since it was one week, and if were to do that i could replace one of my less prestigious awards and also have space… I think it is strong as an activity! I think that’s if they have other activities But what do you think? I think your current awards are strong enough that it’s okay Quality > quantity of activities i forgot to ask, but for the activities section should i separate the bullet points with “|”? because i saw my pdf for the unc submission and the line breaks aren’t clear If you have enough characters yes I would use | instead of - But it doesn’t matter that much because AOs are used to interpreting various different forms hey jenny, went over some revisions to the “why you at stanford” essay please let me know if these changes are okay and anything i can fix when you get the time, thank you!! Tysm! Also when are you available for a next meeting? Left some comments! Mon, Oct 28 at 9:37AM hey jenny, went over some revisions to the “why you at stanford” essay please let me know if these changes are okay and anything i can fix when you get the time, thank you!! I’m available today afternoon , but any day works alternatively!! sorry i’m asking a million questions \" but also some people from jcamp are putting it down as an award since it was one week, and if were to do that i could replace one of my less prestigious awards and also have space… that makes sense, I also thought JCamp sounded better with a description as an EC!! How’s 8pm today? Yeah I agree! Mon, Oct 28 at 12:10PM sounds great!! Great Sat, Nov 2 at 11:07AM hey jenny, do we have a meeting today? Sat, Nov 2 at 2:38PM Omg hi I’m so sorry I think I forgot to schedule, are you available later today or tomorrow? Sun Nov 10 at 11:13PM Sun, Nov 10 at 11:13PM hi! so sorry i didn’t reach out sooner. are you available anytime tomorrow evening for a call about the CSS profile? Mon, Nov 11 at 2:14PM Hi!! Good to hear from you! When is it due? Tonight is a bit tough but I can tomorrow for sure! Sat, Nov 16 at 10:16AM hi!! i was wondering if we could set up a meeting sometime tomorrow to review UC essays? Sat, Nov 16 at 9:05PM Hi!! Can you reach out to Mary for scheduling? They are getting mad at me for scheduling meetings out of protocol :( Tue, Nov 19 at 9:05PM hi! are we having a meeting right now? I think so? I messaged Mary and siraj to send a link but I don’t know if they’ve seen it I think I’ll wait 5 mins and if they don’t respond we can do 9:10-10:10 and I’ll send one Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us Here’s a link! Fri, Nov 29 at 4:57PM ’’ Hi!! I don’t think today’s session got set up - are you free tomorrow? Sat, Nov 30 at 10:17AM hi! sorry for the late reply—are you available at 12? Sat, Nov 30 at 11:38AM Scheduled! hey, where can I find the join link? Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting stanford.zoom.us Oh wait Let me send an ivyLevel one I think Mary is working on it Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us We can use this Sun, Dec 1 at 4:47PM hey! im filling out mit rn and it only allows 4 activities — i decided on empowering ai, synthoria, filmmaker’s club, and women in games .",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.9
    },
    {
      "speaker": "coach",
      "text": "I was wondering if i should add details about content creation under the “significant information that you were not able to include elsewhere in the application” textbox Sun, Dec 1 at 7:09PM That looks good ! I don’t think that’s necessary! I think they know every applicant does more than 4 I think they know every applicant does more than 4 activities so it’s okay And your essays capture what you do well Thu, Dec 5 at 1:40PM Hi!! I’m wondering if you’re free to meet tmrw afternoon? Might give some additional time to work on the essays if that helps- otherwise happy to keep the 9pm time! Thu, Dec 5 at 6:14PM hi! that would work great actually How’s like 4pm? Or 4:30? 4:30 sounds good Fri, Dec 6 at 12:29AM I scheduled with Mary for 5! If that doesn’t work we can do 4:30!! Sorry for the time switch Sat, Dec 7 at 8:50PM Hi!! I’m running a little late for tonight- is there any chance you’d be available at 9:30? hi!! i thought our meeting was for sunday? Oh okay perfect!! I must have hallucinated this You’re right I misremembered!! Thank you:) You’re right I misremembered!! Thank you:) no problem!! let’s meet tomorrow Sun, Dec 8 at 5:41PM Hi! our. meeting is set for 7pm today, but I’m wondering if you’d be able to do 8pm by chance? 8pm works!! Thank you!! Mon, Dec 9 at 10:13AM hi! i was wondering if you could take a look at my upenn dmd essay when you get the time? thank you! Hi! Yes I can do that now! Would you be able to share it with my personal? jenny.s.duan@gmail.com ? I don’t have access to my work email at the moment Mon, Dec 9 at 2:59PM sent!! Left comments! Also, when are you free to meet next? thanks! are you available tomorrow evening? like around 7pm? Would tonight work? If not I can do tomorrow! actually tonight works as well! Cool, can we do 8? oo, can we o 8 is good Thanks! I’ll contact Mary Mon, Dec 9 at 5:27PM Are you able to start at 6 actually! If not 8 is perfect Actually sorry for the changes let’s just keep 8 - talk then! Fri, Dec 13 at 7:51PM Hi! I heard about Stanford.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.9
    },
    {
      "speaker": "coach",
      "text": "First of all, I’m so proud of all the hard work you’ve put in.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.75
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "Remember that one acceptance or rejection does not mean anything, only that a better opportunity is coming.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "coach",
      "text": "You’ve done amazing and I’m here for you if you need anything 8 Sat, Dec 14 at 8:47AM hi!! thank u sm :)) ❤ ❤ also, i got an email from an mit interviewer! Sun, Dec 15 at 10:28AM hi jenny - made some changes to the ‘why columbia’ essay Late nights at Pulitzer Hall, I’m running on chai and ambition.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.9
    },
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "The glow of my laptop matches the city lights spilling through the windows as I sift through datasets for The Brown Institute.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "I’m training AI to uncover bias in news coverage, wondering how this will reshape the way Muslim women like me are portrayed globally.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.75
    },
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "By morning, I’m at Masjid Malcolm Shabazz, documenting Harlem’s Muslim community for a Columbia Journalism Investigations project.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "Later, I’m at The Forum, presenting an interactive data visualization to CU Game Dev, uncovering patterns in video-game player behavior.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "I usually interpret datasets, but the Core pushes me to interpret Dante’s Inferno.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.75
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "And when the city gets loud, I retreat to Butler Library’s Rare Books Room, flipping through archives that spark my next narrative project.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.75
    },
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "Every overheard conversation at Joe Coffee at Columbia will push me to question, uncover, and tell stories that shape the world.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "Sun, Dec 15 at 11:09PM Looks great! Approved ! I like the Joe Coffee detail Is it Joe or Joe’s coffee? Mon, Dec 16 at 10:05AM it’s joe coffee my dad wanted us to take another look at it because he feels a couple details are a bit controversial or the application for columbia in general not this essay in specific Mon, Dec 16 at 6:27PM We can look over it tonight! what time is out meeting again? what time is out meeting again? I have it saved for 7pm? Is now a good time to meet? Not sure if Mary sent an invite i’m good with meeting right now i have a draft for AFE but unfortunately didn’t work on columbia why major yet Okay I’ll send a link! Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting stanford.zoom.us Whoops wrong one Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting us06web.zoom.us Here! i think the audio was a bit delayed I think my wifi just quit Trying to switch networks Ok I’m back on, do you think you can try to join again? Mon, Dec 16 at 8:42PM Thanks for your patience today and yay happy to see your progress! I know AFE is due soon so I took a look at those essays and left comments as well Same with NYU! When are you free to meet next? /when is most helpful for you? Mon, Dec 16 at 9:51PM does Wednesday work - same time? also, for AFE, should i mention activities which aren’t particularly stem related? such as sunday school, jcamp, folklift, podcast club, filmmaker’s club Tue, Dec 17 at 7:12AM Yes great And yes! How do you see yourself mentioning them? Tue, Dec 17 at 12:26PM i meant when inputting the activities Yes you should Sun, Dec 22 at 4:12PM Hi!! Hope the wedding is going well! Wondering if you have any admission updates for the CSUs? I’ve heard some have started to come out Mon, Dec 23 at 4:03PM hi!! i got into sjsu for data science so far! Wed, Dec 25 at 3:10PM Awesome congratulations! And merry Christmas! Thu, Dec 26 at 5:57PM hi, merry christmas to you too! i was wondering when you’d be next available to meet? Thu, Dec 26 at 9:11PM , Hi!! Free tomorrow, saturday, weekend, next week? Pretty open ! Fri, Dec 27 at 10:35AM would you be available today evening at 7pm? Fri, Dec 27 at 11:42AM Oh I actually can’t today anymore 6 6 are you free tomorrow same time? can we do around 10 am? That works with me! Sat, Dec 28 at 11:54AM hey, i was wondering if should i submit a portfolio for columbia? I don’t think it’s as relevant to your major/program but can’t hurt So yes that would be good! Sun, Dec 29 at 10:58AM hi! do we have a call right now? Yes! Let me send an invite sent Sun, Dec 29 at 5:48PM hi! im reading over cornell essays again and i feel like somethings missing in this essay. i don’t think it’s clear how im an improvising innovator as the problem isn’t identified here —> ’– My mom’s Biryani recipe calls for 3 saffron pinches– $50 we can’t afford.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "Scanning the aisles of the Indian grocery store, I plopped rice into our cart. “But…saffron?” My mom holds a packet of turmeric. “We improvise.” This is who I am: an improvising innovator.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.75
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "So I founded Empowering AI, providing free AI ethics and DS resources to girls like me, joined Girls Who Code at school, and fostered virtual communities through Women In Games.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.75
    },
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "STEM is a universal language.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "Like my mom improvising turmeric, I’ll continue creating solutions that prove the recipe for success is ours to write.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "Sun, Dec 29 at 7:17PM Hi! Do you think the “$50 we can’t afford” is clear enough? To my the problem is financial affordability— given that it’s a 100w essay I don’t think you need to go too much into it If you wanted to elaborate, you could do something like My favorite Biryani recipe calls for 3 saffron pinches — $50 my family needs for From my mom —> my favorite reduces doubt that this is something you frequently make/have made int he past Then you can cut words later in the essay “Scanning the grocery store isles, …” cannng e grocery sore ses, … would an alternate be to add a sentence before “so i founded empowering ai…” talking about the barrier? something like “when i was challenged with the inaffordability of tech education, I founded empowering ai, x, y, and z” That looks good does this final version look fine? My favorite Biryani recipe requires 3 saffron pinches– $50 my family needs for the electricity bills.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.75
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "I scan the aisles of the Indian supermarket. “But…saffron?” My mom holds a turmeric packet. “We improvise.” This is who I am: an improvising innovator.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.75
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "When challenged with the unaffordability of tech education, I founded Empowering AI – providing free AI-ethics and DS resources to girls like me, joined Girls Who Code at school, and fostered virtual communities through Women In Games.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.75
    },
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "STEM is a universal language.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "Like my mom improvising turmeric, I’ll continue creating solutions proving the recipe for success is ours to write.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "Looks good! Mon, Dec 30 at 4:00PM unfortunately didn’t get selected to move forward with elks:( Tue, Dec 31 at 7:27PM From the ApplyingToCollege community on Reddit reddit.com Here’s a resource to prepare for the MIT interview.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "Here’s a resource to prepare for the MIT interview.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "coach",
      "text": "Can you do some research on your interviewer and we’ll begin tomorrow by discussing him for about 5 minutes? Then we’ll do the mock interview Make sure to check your room to prepare the lighting and outfit that you plan to wear during your actual interview From the ApplyingToCollege community on Reddit reddit.com Some other potential questions Thu, Jan 2 at 10:36AM hi jenny, i was wondering if we could delay the call by 30 minutes? i still need a little time working on my edits ill send an email to mary Yes no problem I can also meet later in the afternoon? actually that would be great - how does 6 sound? sorry for all the changes No worries and that works Thu, Jan 2 at 2:11PM hi jenny, for this duke essay, i was a bit lost on how to approach it 2.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.9
    },
    {
      "speaker": "unknown",
      "text": "Intellectual experience Tell us about an experience in the past year or two that reflects your imagination, creativity, or intellect.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "Thu, Jan 2 at 3:57PM Hi! I was thinking maybe you can start it with an example of how you taught a student to learn a concept they’d previously been struggling with using an innovative solution .",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.9
    },
    {
      "speaker": "coach",
      "text": "And then you can connect it to your previous writing about Sunday school/English tutoring Thu, Jan 2 at 7:10PM forgot to ask in the call, for northwestern, do you recommend applying straight for CS or something like communication studies or journalism Straight CS! Fri, Jan 3 at 1:32PM hi jenny, i’m not sure when i scheduled our call for today but unfortunately i won’t be able to make it today 4 i have my brown application ready, so if you get the chance, please let me know if i can go ahead and submit : Fri, Jan 3 at 2:40PM also, here’s how my mit interview went! he started off right away, no introduction or elevator pitch or anything, just asking me what i did outside of school. i started off my thanking him then talking about how im a journalist, game dev, and ai ethics advocate, then moved on to talk about folklift, teaching my brother to ride a bike, and synthoria. he was curious to learn more about mountain house and i explained certain aspects like our overcrowding issue and other realities of being from a rural town/where it is then he asked if i’ve ever had any experienced where i’ve had to teach a non-science focused crowd something in science and i talked about synthoria/the classification model mini game in specifics. he asked be about what all my activities looked like and i spoke about empowering ai, eld, podcast club/ filmmakers club, jcamp, etc- basically mentioning everything i hadn't already. it was originally supposed to be 30 minutes, but we talked for over an hour! and he said towards the end “i have some time before my next call, but i’ll let you go here. i think you have a great shot at getting in, and you have good backups too. i really enjoyed talking to you!” overall, i think i was able to have a pretty casual conversation with him and he definitely eased up after we got through the basic questions No problem! I’ll look over your brown app ’ That’s incredible!!! It sounds like the interview went really well ! UCI and brown are both really great schools, it sounds like he feels pretty confident about you which is good given his role in both! Interview is important for MIT so glad it went well ! Fri, Jan 3 at 9:34PM for the “why brown” sentence does this sound good? At Brown, I can delve into data-driven storytelling at the Herald, explore ethical AI with CS for Social Good, and brainstorm creative tech solutions in the SciLi basement—all within a collaborative community that thrives on curiosity and interdisciplinary exploration. or something like this? - In Brown's SciLi's brutalist architecture, I see a parallel to my vision of computing—seemingly rigid structures that, through creative interpretation and reimagining, reveal stunning possibilities for innovation and artistic expression.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.9
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "Second Looks great! i also thought of another option: Brown's MCM lab, where students blend digital storytelling with computational art, embodies my vision of creating technology that doesn't just process—but performs, technology that doesn't just process—but performs, imagines, and inspires.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.9
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "I think that insert could go into a different essay for Brown if you want to add it Like how it embodies interdisciplinary learning for open curriculum By the brutalist architecture is more fitting for “why brown” But also your essays are really clean as is, so no need to shove it in okay great, thank you! submitting now Yay congratulations!! Fingers crossed Sun, Jan 5 at 11:55AM hi!! i wanted to ask a bit about how i can approach the brown video portfolio - it’s due tomorrow, so i think i need to start filming ASAP Sun, Jan 5 at 2:42PM Hi!! There are lots of example videos on YouTube, but i think a straightforward 2 minute intro should be good Things to address - where you’re from - what you’re interested in - why brown Should be relatively straightforward but if you want to get more creative/have time go for it! But they just want to see your personality Sun Jan 5 at 5:32PM Sun, Jan 5 at 5:32PM thank you! also, was wondering if you could take a quick look at my barnard essays? Yes! For brown, are you doing Glimpse? Northwestern and Duke also take it you have to submit directly on the portal i believe what do you mean? There are 2 options They take glimpse and directly at the portal But northwestern and duke only take glimpse ’ maybe glimpse is another method but i don’t see that here Video Introduction admission.brown.edu did you make your vid already? did you make your vid already? it’s great to make a creative brown one but also recommend making a glimpse one for the others The downside with glimpse is you can only submit one so it’s not personalized i haven’t made the video yet since i’m prioritizing completing the barnard essays right now I think if you don’t have time you can just do the glimpse because it’s less editing But the brown video component is optional So prioritize Barnard first when are the duke and nw videos due? Jan 17 But glimpse is just one video for all schools so not personalized I added some initial comments to you Barnard Essay Text me when you’ve gotten a chance to make changes and I can do a final review! Sun, Jan 5 at 8:44PM just completed the drafts/implemented changes!! Your Barnard essays look great! Ready to submit How are you feeling about the videos? the brown video is due tomorrow right? i’ll be trying the brown video is due tomorrow right? i’ll be trying to get it all done by then also me and my dad decided to cancel uchicago how does this sound for that essay? “taste-testing Joe Coffee’s newest latte or partaking in the Big Sub annually” It’s due “by Jan 6” but me and reddit are unsure what exactly that means I would try to start it earlier if possible in case Maybe not the latte because you write about chai, but are there any clubs you’d like to join at Barnard? Or cultural celebrations you could mention? Try to find one serious example and one casual example Like 1 can be a club, or something similar to the tone of the coffee one and the second can be related to the change you want to see in the world how does this sound? Whether partaking in the Big Sub challenge annually or fundraising for the South Asian Feminisms Alliance, I know this is where I’ll shape the stories I want to tell. here’s what i found online i’ll start asap! how does this sound? Whether partaking in the Big Sub challenge annually or fundraising for the South Asian Feminisms Alliance, I know this is where I’ll shape the stories I want to tell.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.5
    },
    {
      "speaker": "student",
      "text": "Looks great! here’s what i found online Ok this sounds good:) Mon, Jan 6 at 9:25AM hi! so i had an idea for the brown portfolio - i wanted to make a sort of video game related video, so that i would be the player and i’d interact with objects/ people to reveal little things about myself i don’t know if that’s overboard haha Mon, Jan 6 at 8:48PM here’s my brown video portfolio! Mon, Jan 6 at 10:29PM , Hi!! Sorry i missed this message but it looks SO GOOD! Congratulations! Tue, Jan 7 at 6:53PM LinkedIn Possibilities in Tech Scholarship careers.linkedin.com Wed, Jan 8 at 6:48PM At this point, are you finished with all your apps? Just checked your tracker— congratulations!!! ❤ how does it feel? Wed, Jan 8 at 8:46PM besides the northwestern + duke videos i’m done with all my college apps !! : it feels amazing! now i know that the only thing i can do is wait, so that is a bit scary… but i’m very glad this part is done!! i wouldn’t have been able to see the growth in myself if you hadn’t me along this journey - thank you so much :’) Sat, Jan 11 at 1:12PM Awww : : : Congratulations Huda!!! I’m so proud of you!!! Congratulations Huda!!! I’m so proud of you!!! Now just a couple scholarship apps left ☺ I’m wondering if you’d be available for ~15-30 minutes sometime this week just to talk about your experiences with me/Ivylevel and your college application experience? Collecting some feedback to improve for next cycle :) Sun, Jan 12 at 5:16AM Scholarships - ESA Foundation Scholarships esafoundation.org Sun, Jan 12 at 4:30PM I’m wondering if you’d be available for ~15-30 minutes sometime this week just to talk about your experiences with me/Ivylevel and your college application experience? hi! i’m available tomorrow evenings. how does 8pm sound? are you available any earlier? Like 6:30pm? Mon, Jan 13 at 3:08PM 6:30 is good too see you then! Thank you!! Mon, Jan 13 at 6:33PM I don’t see a link so I’ll send one! A Turning Point for U.S.",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.9
    },
    {
      "speaker": "coach",
      "text": "AI Policy: Senate Explores Solutions Omg wrong link Join Zoom Meeting https://us06web.zoom.us/j/86554802221? pwd=2ooAlnjd6I58wNSQQn8agt1RoFxsQ8.1 Meeting ID: 865 5480 2221 Passcode: 505651 --- One tap mobile +16694449171,,86554802221#,,,,*505651# US +17207072699,,86554802221#,,,,*505651# US --- Dial by your location • +1 669 444 9171 US • +1 720 707 2699 US • +1 253 205 0468 US • +1 253 215 8782 US • +1 346 248 7799 US Houston • +1 346 248 7799 US • +1 719 359 4580 US • +1 312 626 6799 US • +1 360 209 5623 US • +1 386 347 5053 US • +1 507 473 4847 US • +1 564 217 2000 US • +1 646 558 8656 US • +1 646 931 3860 US • +1 689 278 1000 US • +1 301 715 8592 US • +1 305 224 1968 US • +1 309 205 3325 US Meeting ID: 865 5480 2221 Passcode: 505651 Find your local number: https://us06web.zoom.us/u/ kb2eA96G6M Fri, Jan 17 at 4:57PM How did USC go? one down!!! 7 ❤ < Fri, Jan 24 at 8:46PM hi!! unc results came out today… and i got in!! = > YAYYYYYY I’m so proud of you!!!! Incredible!!! Go tar heels!!! = > = > = > = > = > ? @ ? ? ? ? ? ? @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ? ? ? ☺ A ✨ 5 Sun, Jan 26 at 7:13PM The embodiment of sexualized virtual selves: The Proteus effect and experiences of self objectification via avatars - ScienceDirect The embodiment of sexualized virtual selves: The Proteus effect and experiences of self objectification via avatars sciencedirect.com Tue, Feb 11 at 1:05PM Hi!! Quick question— what was your final SAT superstore? superscore* Tue, Feb 11 at 2:07PM hi!! ended up getting a 1530 Delivered Yay thank you!! jenny has notifications silenced",
      "ts": "Sun, Oct 6 at 6:06PM",
      "conf": 0.9
    }
  ]
}