{
  "id": "01-Raw-GamePlan/Huda_Assessment_Gameplan_Report_2025-06-22_Jenny_v1.pdf",
  "name": "Huda_Assessment_Gameplan_Report_2025-06-22_Jenny_v1.pdf",
  "path": "01-Raw-GamePlan/Huda_Assessment_Gameplan_Report_2025-06-22_Jenny_v1.pdf",
  "kind": "GAMEPLAN",
  "date": "2025-06-22",
  "link": null,
  "text": "Confidential Information - For Authorized Use Only This document has proprietary customer data from Ivy Mentors, intended for service facilitation. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Receipt implies agreement to these terms, non-adherence may lead to remediation. This document is for Ivy Mentor’s customers only. If received in error, please return to the sender and delete any copies immediately. Profile Assessment and Recommendations for Huda Siraj Session time - 7/29, 11:30-1 pm PT Assessing mentor and report by - Jenny Duan Introduction: Dear Huda and Family, I’m Jenny Duan, a Stanford student majoring in Symbolic Systems, and I’ll be Huda’s lead Ivy Mentor for the coming weeks. Before we begin, I wanted to share Huda’s holistic profile assessment and recommendations for us to chart her path to her dream schools. After carefully evaluating Huda’s profile, her responses to the evaluation form, and our assessment call notes, I am confident that–with the right strategies and tactics that I have identified below–Huda can build a strong profile to help her get into her dream Ivy League schools. I’ve also identified some specific strategies and a sample timeline for our work to get started over the next 10 weeks. Profile Evaluation - Huda’s Standout Strengths 1. Huda demonstrates commendable creativity and technical aptitude for computer science . Coming from a public school from an area with limited opportunities for involvement, she is working hard to brainstorm and work on an impactful passion project. She has a strong academic record and is on track to complete 11 APs and 5 honors classes by the end of high school. She is also scheduled to take the SAT this October. At school, she is involved with several clubs and activities, including leading the VFX club and serving as her school’s news channel anchor and head editor. As a rising junior, Huda is at one of the most critical junctions in her college preparation journey. 2. Huda has an impressive extracurricular profile and story. Her dual passions for computer science and film reveal a cohesive picture of her character as a natural-born storyteller and creator. I am especially impressed by her. 3. Leadership in Community Service: ● Huda demonstrates significant leadership through her initiative, Folklift, highlighting small Muslim-owned businesses and advocating for economic equity within her community. ● Her role in Empowering AI reflects her commitment to educating and inspiring younger girls in technology, emphasizing AI ethics and social justice. 4. Academic Excellence in Technology and Media: ● Huda's dedication to technology is evident through her self-driven projects like Synthoria, an educational game teaching AI concepts. ● She excels in her AP courses and has a strong interest in game development and interactive media arts, participating in relevant clubs and initiatives. 5. Civic Engagement and Leadership: ● Huda's involvement in multiple clubs, such as the Filmmakers Club and VFX Club, showcases her leadership abilities and commitment to fostering a creative and inclusive environment. ● She actively participates in hackathons and other competitions, demonstrating her readiness to engage in technical and social challenges. 6. Dedication to Service and Education: ● Huda's volunteer work at the Muslim Community Center and her efforts in creating educational content on platforms like YouTube highlight her dedication to community service and educational outreach. ● Her initiatives reflect a global perspective, cultural sensitivity, and a drive to make a positive impact on a broad scale. More strengths based on assessment call During our assessment call, Huda talked about her desire to search and apply for more impactful extracurriculars and awards. Her desire for change and initiative is a great start as we embark upon this journey. We have already identified some key competitions for Huda to target, including National History Day, YoungArts, the NCWiT Aspirations in Computing Award, and passion projects on Youtube and on film. We also reframed her profile as a natural storyteller- through code and film. With this perspective in mind, we have reidentified key summer programs for Summer 2024, including JCamp. Top Weak Spots Identified for Huda for Top School Admissions While Huda's academic and extracurricular activities are impressive, some areas require growth and demand immediate attention, improvement strategies, and execution. These areas, if addressed effectively, can significantly enhance Huda’s application, especially considering the high level of competition at top-tier universities . Huda’s most significant areas for growth at this point are her awards, community service, and test scores . 1. Awards . Huda has not yet applied for or received any significant awards. This may be a hindrance to her college applications as she needs social proof of her aptitude– although I was immediately impressed with her skills, colleges want to see this reflected in prestigious national or international awards. 2. Community Service. Huda’s work needs to have tangible, measurable impact on her community/communities. This is an integral thing that colleges look for and is paramount to her success as an applicant. 3. Test Scores. Having standout test scores validate Huda’s current track record as a diligent and attentive student. She should aim to score 1550+ on the SAT and receive a National Merit eligibility for her PSAT score. 4. Clarity on Intended Major: Huda’s current profile indicates interests in game development, interactive media arts, and AI ethics. However, articulating a clear academic direction could strengthen her application. 5. Defined Impact Area: Developing a focus on a deep passion impact area through targeted community service or initiatives can significantly enhance her profile by demonstrating a passion with a commitment to societal contribution. 6. Personal Connection to \"Why\" Statements: Crafting compelling personal narratives that connect her experiences to her aspirations and motivations is essential to make her application more engaging and memorable. 7. Expanding Extracurricular Activities: While Huda participates in many activities, diversifying her involvement, especially in leadership roles or in areas that align with her academic interests, could provide a more well-rounded profile. I also recommend a restructuring of Huda’s free time. Given a 24-hour day, spending 4 hours per day is not sustainable to achieve the extracurricular caliber needed. Tailored 2-3 Year Strategies with Specific Action Plan to Address Huda’s Weak Spots Strategy 1: Major Discovery and Crafting a Compelling “Why” Statement Objective: To develop a strong personal narrative that connects Huda’s interests and aspirations with her choice of college and course of study. How: Work with Huda to explore and articulate her motivations, experiences, and future goals. Given her interests in game development, AI ethics, and interactive media, narrow down and shape this area more specifically. Why: By weaving a compelling narrative as to why she engages in impactful work, Huda can convincingly present her dedication and potential to admissions officers. Specific Plan: ● The “why” statement should help Huda narrow down her academic focus and choose a major that maximizes her opportunities at top schools. This requires deep personal reflection and a self-discovery process. Strategy 2: Diversifying Profile and Enhancing Community Impact Objective: To broaden Huda's extracurricular profile and emphasize her community impact. How: Encourage Huda to engage in activities outside her current scope, particularly those involving community service or social impact. Why: Demonstrating her commitment to societal change will allow admissions officers to argue compellingly for her as a change-maker. Specific Plan: ● As Huda progresses, she should look into potential areas for community leadership and impact, focusing on projects related to technology and education. Strategy 3: Enhancing Leadership Roles Objective: To strengthen Huda’s leadership profile in both current and new activities. How: Encourage Huda to take on more significant leadership roles within her existing extracurricular activities or seek out new opportunities where she can lead initiatives or projects. Why: Leadership skills will not only bolster her college applications but also aid her personal growth. Specific Plan: ● Identify opportunities for leadership within her current activities, such as starting new initiatives, organizing events, or assuming higher roles in clubs. Strategy 4: Leadership Development Plan Objective: To enhance Huda’s leadership skills and showcase them in impactful ways. How: Guide Huda to take on more significant leadership roles in her existing activities or initiate a new project that aligns with her interests. Why: Developing her leadership skills will strengthen her profile and prepare her for future roles in college and beyond. Specific Plan: ● Encourage Huda to lead major projects or assume higher roles in clubs, document these experiences for her applications, and provide ongoing support and guidance. Huda’s Target Ivy+ Extracurriculars Profile Huda is currently interested in pursuing a path in game development, interactive media arts, and AI ethics. Based on our conversations, she should narrow down her interests to find what areas align most with her goals and passion. Huda’s ideal Ivy-level profile combines her unique background, potential advocacy, design aptitude, and passion for technology. It leverages her aptitude, passion, and service impact. Here are the three areas I would recommend Huda structure her extracurricular pursuits: 1. Aptitude: Technology, CS, AI ● CS, AI and Game Development Summer Program 2. Passion: Games, Videography ● Video game development projects ● Interactive Media Arts Club President at School 3. Community Service: Education, AI advocacy ● Education Nonprofit Organization ● Cultural Program/Nonprofit ● Youth Advisory Council Membership ● School ASB/Leadership Team ● AI Ethics Advocacy Huda’s Target Ivy+l Awards Profile 1. NCWiT Aspirations in Computing Award 2. Presidential Volunteer Service Award 3. National Merit Finalist Award 4. Game Hackathon Awards 5. Advocacy Award 6. Game Impact Challenge Award 7. JCamp Personalized 1:1 Program Proposal for Huda 4-Years College Preparation, College Applications & Admission Success 1:1 Program Based on Huda’s holistic assessment, strengths, weak spots, and tailored strategies to address those opportunity areas and strengthen her profile to maximize her chances to get into UCs, Top 20 schools, I would like to propose a 3-year comprehensive program plan to help Huda 1-on-1 with very specific and hands-on help in strategizing, planning, executing, and showcasing/ framing all the identified tailored strategies and goals in this report. Freshman & Sophomore Year: Building Foundations & Strengthening Profile 1. Academic Excellence: Monitor and support Huda’s academic performance. Encourage enrollment in advanced courses or subjects that align with her interests and strengths. 2. Extracurricular Deep Dive: Identify and engage in extracurricular activities that align with her interests, particularly focusing on areas that can demonstrate leadership and community impact. 3. Community Service Project: Initiate a significant community service project that aligns with Huda’s interests, such as a technology-driven environmental initiative. 4. Leadership Development: Seek leadership roles in current activities and explore opportunities to lead new initiatives or projects. 5. Personal Growth: Work on personal development areas such as public speaking, teamwork, and time management. 6. Early Career Exploration: Begin exploring potential career paths through informational interviews, job shadowing, or internships in fields of interest. Target Goals : 1. Clarify intended major 2. Develop and implement at least one major passion project 3. Developing and implementing at least one major community impact initiative 4. Secure at least one major leadership role in one extracurricular activity 5. Apply for Award Summer Program : 1. Prestigious summer programs 2. Continued service leadership 3. Develop impactful service project Junior Year: Intensifying Focus & Preparing for College Applications 1. Standardized Test Preparation: Start preparing for SAT or ACT exams. Aim to take the test by the end of the junior year. 2. Extracurricular Leadership: Strengthen leadership roles in extracurricular activities and seek to make measurable impacts in these roles. 3. Community Service Continuation: Further develop the community service project started in sophomore year, aiming for tangible results and impact. 4. Summer Enrichment: Participate in summer programs or internships that align with Aarnav’s interests and academic goals. 5. College Research & Visits: Begin researching potential colleges and universities. Plan campus visits if possible. 6. Initial College List Development: Start compiling a list of potential colleges and understand their application requirements. 7. Profile Documentation: Start documenting achievements, activities, and experiences to be used in the college application process. Target Goals : 1. National Service Award 2. Social Justice Award 3. Draft CommonApp Statement 4. Apply for competitive scholarship programs Summer Programs 1. Notre Dame Leadership Seminars 2. Asian American Journalism Association JCamp 3. Bank of America Summer Leaders 4. Yale Young Global Scholars 5. AI Scholars Senior Year: Concentrate on College Application & Admission 1. College Application Mastery: All Common App and UCs - targeting various colleges, programs. 2. Essay Elevator: All Common App & UC - Crafting compelling personal statements and supplementary essays. 3. Decision Making: Weighing college offers and making the final choice. Waitlist, Appeal support included. Program Cadence Options ● Weekly or Bi-weekly based on coach and student preference: 1-hour 1:1 sessions, with continuous support throughout the week for hands-on execution, roadblock removal, progress checks to drive outcomes. Why IvyLevel for Huda & why a 4 year journey together? 1. Shared STEM Background: Our foundations in STEM mirrors Huda’s interests, providing him with relevant guidance based on shared experiences in CS. 2. Interdisciplinary Approach: Huda’s varied activities can be woven into a singular, compelling narrative. We specialize in this kind of storytelling, with coaches from varied academic disciplines. 3. Navigating the \"How\" of executing all the strategies: Huda may not yet know the intricate steps of seeking extracurriculars, structuring them, and aligning them with her overall profile. we’re here to demystify those with very specific and hands-on help. 4. Leveraging a Large Public School Experience: Drawing from our experiences, I can provide strategies tailored to students from larger public schools, ensuring Huda stands out. 5. Coherent Framing and Showcasing: Our expertise lies not only in helping Huda execute and excel on all identified goals and tracks, but throughout connecting all her work coherently, framing and showcasing in a way that’s optimized for each of her target school 6. Long-term Engagement Benefits: Three years might seem lengthy, but this time frame is needed at the least to make significant progress on all the growth areas identified: ● Strategizing and Cohesion: We'll weave every accomplishment and pursuit into a cohesive narrative. ● Accountability & Progress: With recurring check-ins, we’ll ensure Huda stays on track and evolves her profile effectively. ● Specific Guidance: From summer programs to academic pursuits, we’ll be there every step of the way. ● Comprehensive College App Preparation: Gathering materials, strategizing for letters of recommendation, and more take time. Starting in junior year ensures thoroughness. By partnering with us, Huda accesses more than just our proven frameworks and coaches; she secures a dedicated ally, committed to highlighting her strengths, addressing her challenges, delivering small and big outcomes, and positioning him ideally for her dream college. We look forward to the opportunity to help Huda achieve her goals with her best match dedicated 1:1 Stanford Coach over the next 2-3 years through this custom plan. During our sessions, we hope to instill a sense of personal accountability, motivation, and drive for Huda. My team and I look forward to the opportunity to further develop her passion, impact, and involvement toward future personal and academic success. Best Regards, Jenny Duan Ivylevel Head Coach",
  "segments": [
    "Confidential Information - For Authorized Use Only This document has proprietary customer data from Ivy Mentors, intended for service facilitation. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Receipt implies agreement to these terms, non-adherence may lead to remediation. This document is for Ivy Mentor’s customers only. If received in error, please return to the sender and delete any copies immediately. Profile Assessment and Recommendations for Huda Siraj Session time - 7/29, 11:30-1 pm PT Assessing mentor and report by - Jenny Duan Introduction: Dear Huda and Family, I’m Jenny Duan, a Stanford student majoring in Symbolic Systems, and I’ll be Huda’s lead Ivy Mentor for the coming weeks. Before we begin, I wanted to share Huda’s holistic profile assessment and recommendations for us to chart her path to her dream schools. After carefully evaluating Huda’s profile, her responses to the evaluation form, and our assessment call notes, I am confident that–with the right strategies and tactics that I have identified below–Huda can build a strong profile to help her get into her dream Ivy League schools. I’ve also identified some specific strategies and a sample timeline for our work to get started over the next 10 weeks. Profile Evaluation - Huda’s Standout Strengths 1. Huda demonstrates commendable creativity and technical aptitude for computer science . Coming from a public school from an area with limited opportunities for involvement, she is working hard to brainstorm and work on an impactful passion project. She has a strong academic record and is on track to complete 11 APs and 5 honors classes by the end of high school. She is also scheduled to take the SAT this October. At school, she is involved with several clubs and activities, including leading the VFX club and serving as her school’s news channel anchor and head editor. As a rising junior, Huda is at one of the most critical junctions in her college preparation journey. 2. Huda has an impressive extracurricular profil",
    "e and story. Her dual passions for computer science and film reveal a cohesive picture of her character as a natural-born storyteller and creator. I am especially impressed by her. 3. Leadership in Community Service: ● Huda demonstrates significant leadership through her initiative, Folklift, highlighting small Muslim-owned businesses and advocating for economic equity within her community. ● Her role in Empowering AI reflects her commitment to educating and inspiring younger girls in technology, emphasizing AI ethics and social justice. 4. Academic Excellence in Technology and Media: ● Huda's dedication to technology is evident through her self-driven projects like Synthoria, an educational game teaching AI concepts. ● She excels in her AP courses and has a strong interest in game development and interactive media arts, participating in relevant clubs and initiatives. 5. Civic Engagement and Leadership: ● Huda's involvement in multiple clubs, such as the Filmmakers Club and VFX Club, showcases her leadership abilities and commitment to fostering a creative and inclusive environment. ● She actively participates in hackathons and other competitions, demonstrating her readiness to engage in technical and social challenges. 6. Dedication to Service and Education: ● Huda's volunteer work at the Muslim Community Center and her efforts in creating educational content on platforms like YouTube highlight her dedication to community service and educational outreach. ● Her initiatives reflect a global perspective, cultural sensitivity, and a drive to make a positive impact on a broad scale. More strengths based on assessment call During our assessment call, Huda talked about her desire to search and apply for more impactful extracurriculars and awards. Her desire for change and initiative is a great start as we embark upon this journey. We have already identified some key competitions for Huda to target, including National History Day, YoungArts, the NCWiT Aspirations in Comp",
    "uting Award, and passion projects on Youtube and on film. We also reframed her profile as a natural storyteller- through code and film. With this perspective in mind, we have reidentified key summer programs for Summer 2024, including JCamp. Top Weak Spots Identified for Huda for Top School Admissions While Huda's academic and extracurricular activities are impressive, some areas require growth and demand immediate attention, improvement strategies, and execution. These areas, if addressed effectively, can significantly enhance Huda’s application, especially considering the high level of competition at top-tier universities . Huda’s most significant areas for growth at this point are her awards, community service, and test scores . 1. Awards . Huda has not yet applied for or received any significant awards. This may be a hindrance to her college applications as she needs social proof of her aptitude– although I was immediately impressed with her skills, colleges want to see this reflected in prestigious national or international awards. 2. Community Service. Huda’s work needs to have tangible, measurable impact on her community/communities. This is an integral thing that colleges look for and is paramount to her success as an applicant. 3. Test Scores. Having standout test scores validate Huda’s current track record as a diligent and attentive student. She should aim to score 1550+ on the SAT and receive a National Merit eligibility for her PSAT score. 4. Clarity on Intended Major: Huda’s current profile indicates interests in game development, interactive media arts, and AI ethics. However, articulating a clear academic direction could strengthen her application. 5. Defined Impact Area: Developing a focus on a deep passion impact area through targeted community service or initiatives can significantly enhance her profile by demonstrating a passion with a commitment to societal contribution. 6. Personal Connection to \"Why\" Statements: Crafting compelling personal na",
    "rratives that connect her experiences to her aspirations and motivations is essential to make her application more engaging and memorable. 7. Expanding Extracurricular Activities: While Huda participates in many activities, diversifying her involvement, especially in leadership roles or in areas that align with her academic interests, could provide a more well-rounded profile. I also recommend a restructuring of Huda’s free time. Given a 24-hour day, spending 4 hours per day is not sustainable to achieve the extracurricular caliber needed. Tailored 2-3 Year Strategies with Specific Action Plan to Address Huda’s Weak Spots Strategy 1: Major Discovery and Crafting a Compelling “Why” Statement Objective: To develop a strong personal narrative that connects Huda’s interests and aspirations with her choice of college and course of study. How: Work with Huda to explore and articulate her motivations, experiences, and future goals. Given her interests in game development, AI ethics, and interactive media, narrow down and shape this area more specifically. Why: By weaving a compelling narrative as to why she engages in impactful work, Huda can convincingly present her dedication and potential to admissions officers. Specific Plan: ● The “why” statement should help Huda narrow down her academic focus and choose a major that maximizes her opportunities at top schools. This requires deep personal reflection and a self-discovery process. Strategy 2: Diversifying Profile and Enhancing Community Impact Objective: To broaden Huda's extracurricular profile and emphasize her community impact. How: Encourage Huda to engage in activities outside her current scope, particularly those involving community service or social impact. Why: Demonstrating her commitment to societal change will allow admissions officers to argue compellingly for her as a change-maker. Specific Plan: ● As Huda progresses, she should look into potential areas for community leadership and impact, focusing on proje",
    "cts related to technology and education. Strategy 3: Enhancing Leadership Roles Objective: To strengthen Huda’s leadership profile in both current and new activities. How: Encourage Huda to take on more significant leadership roles within her existing extracurricular activities or seek out new opportunities where she can lead initiatives or projects. Why: Leadership skills will not only bolster her college applications but also aid her personal growth. Specific Plan: ● Identify opportunities for leadership within her current activities, such as starting new initiatives, organizing events, or assuming higher roles in clubs. Strategy 4: Leadership Development Plan Objective: To enhance Huda’s leadership skills and showcase them in impactful ways. How: Guide Huda to take on more significant leadership roles in her existing activities or initiate a new project that aligns with her interests. Why: Developing her leadership skills will strengthen her profile and prepare her for future roles in college and beyond. Specific Plan: ● Encourage Huda to lead major projects or assume higher roles in clubs, document these experiences for her applications, and provide ongoing support and guidance. Huda’s Target Ivy+ Extracurriculars Profile Huda is currently interested in pursuing a path in game development, interactive media arts, and AI ethics. Based on our conversations, she should narrow down her interests to find what areas align most with her goals and passion. Huda’s ideal Ivy-level profile combines her unique background, potential advocacy, design aptitude, and passion for technology. It leverages her aptitude, passion, and service impact. Here are the three areas I would recommend Huda structure her extracurricular pursuits: 1. Aptitude: Technology, CS, AI ● CS, AI and Game Development Summer Program 2. Passion: Games, Videography ● Video game development projects ● Interactive Media Arts Club President at School 3. Community Service: Education, AI advocacy ● Education No",
    "nprofit Organization ● Cultural Program/Nonprofit ● Youth Advisory Council Membership ● School ASB/Leadership Team ● AI Ethics Advocacy Huda’s Target Ivy+l Awards Profile 1. NCWiT Aspirations in Computing Award 2. Presidential Volunteer Service Award 3. National Merit Finalist Award 4. Game Hackathon Awards 5. Advocacy Award 6. Game Impact Challenge Award 7. JCamp Personalized 1:1 Program Proposal for Huda 4-Years College Preparation, College Applications & Admission Success 1:1 Program Based on Huda’s holistic assessment, strengths, weak spots, and tailored strategies to address those opportunity areas and strengthen her profile to maximize her chances to get into UCs, Top 20 schools, I would like to propose a 3-year comprehensive program plan to help Huda 1-on-1 with very specific and hands-on help in strategizing, planning, executing, and showcasing/ framing all the identified tailored strategies and goals in this report. Freshman & Sophomore Year: Building Foundations & Strengthening Profile 1. Academic Excellence: Monitor and support Huda’s academic performance. Encourage enrollment in advanced courses or subjects that align with her interests and strengths. 2. Extracurricular Deep Dive: Identify and engage in extracurricular activities that align with her interests, particularly focusing on areas that can demonstrate leadership and community impact. 3. Community Service Project: Initiate a significant community service project that aligns with Huda’s interests, such as a technology-driven environmental initiative. 4. Leadership Development: Seek leadership roles in current activities and explore opportunities to lead new initiatives or projects. 5. Personal Growth: Work on personal development areas such as public speaking, teamwork, and time management. 6. Early Career Exploration: Begin exploring potential career paths through informational interviews, job shadowing, or internships in fields of interest. Target Goals : 1. Clarify intended major 2. Develop an",
    "d implement at least one major passion project 3. Developing and implementing at least one major community impact initiative 4. Secure at least one major leadership role in one extracurricular activity 5. Apply for Award Summer Program : 1. Prestigious summer programs 2. Continued service leadership 3. Develop impactful service project Junior Year: Intensifying Focus & Preparing for College Applications 1. Standardized Test Preparation: Start preparing for SAT or ACT exams. Aim to take the test by the end of the junior year. 2. Extracurricular Leadership: Strengthen leadership roles in extracurricular activities and seek to make measurable impacts in these roles. 3. Community Service Continuation: Further develop the community service project started in sophomore year, aiming for tangible results and impact. 4. Summer Enrichment: Participate in summer programs or internships that align with Aarnav’s interests and academic goals. 5. College Research & Visits: Begin researching potential colleges and universities. Plan campus visits if possible. 6. Initial College List Development: Start compiling a list of potential colleges and understand their application requirements. 7. Profile Documentation: Start documenting achievements, activities, and experiences to be used in the college application process. Target Goals : 1. National Service Award 2. Social Justice Award 3. Draft CommonApp Statement 4. Apply for competitive scholarship programs Summer Programs 1. Notre Dame Leadership Seminars 2. Asian American Journalism Association JCamp 3. Bank of America Summer Leaders 4. Yale Young Global Scholars 5. AI Scholars Senior Year: Concentrate on College Application & Admission 1. College Application Mastery: All Common App and UCs - targeting various colleges, programs. 2. Essay Elevator: All Common App & UC - Crafting compelling personal statements and supplementary essays. 3. Decision Making: Weighing college offers and making the final choice. Waitlist, Appeal support in",
    "cluded. Program Cadence Options ● Weekly or Bi-weekly based on coach and student preference: 1-hour 1:1 sessions, with continuous support throughout the week for hands-on execution, roadblock removal, progress checks to drive outcomes. Why IvyLevel for Huda & why a 4 year journey together? 1. Shared STEM Background: Our foundations in STEM mirrors Huda’s interests, providing him with relevant guidance based on shared experiences in CS. 2. Interdisciplinary Approach: Huda’s varied activities can be woven into a singular, compelling narrative. We specialize in this kind of storytelling, with coaches from varied academic disciplines. 3. Navigating the \"How\" of executing all the strategies: Huda may not yet know the intricate steps of seeking extracurriculars, structuring them, and aligning them with her overall profile. we’re here to demystify those with very specific and hands-on help. 4. Leveraging a Large Public School Experience: Drawing from our experiences, I can provide strategies tailored to students from larger public schools, ensuring Huda stands out. 5. Coherent Framing and Showcasing: Our expertise lies not only in helping Huda execute and excel on all identified goals and tracks, but throughout connecting all her work coherently, framing and showcasing in a way that’s optimized for each of her target school 6. Long-term Engagement Benefits: Three years might seem lengthy, but this time frame is needed at the least to make significant progress on all the growth areas identified: ● Strategizing and Cohesion: We'll weave every accomplishment and pursuit into a cohesive narrative. ● Accountability & Progress: With recurring check-ins, we’ll ensure Huda stays on track and evolves her profile effectively. ● Specific Guidance: From summer programs to academic pursuits, we’ll be there every step of the way. ● Comprehensive College App Preparation: Gathering materials, strategizing for letters of recommendation, and more take time. Starting in junior year ensures t",
    "horoughness. By partnering with us, Huda accesses more than just our proven frameworks and coaches; she secures a dedicated ally, committed to highlighting her strengths, addressing her challenges, delivering small and big outcomes, and positioning him ideally for her dream college. We look forward to the opportunity to help Huda achieve her goals with her best match dedicated 1:1 Stanford Coach over the next 2-3 years through this custom plan. During our sessions, we hope to instill a sense of personal accountability, motivation, and drive for Huda. My team and I look forward to the opportunity to further develop her passion, impact, and involvement toward future personal and academic success. Best Regards, Jenny Duan Ivylevel Head Coach"
  ],
  "meta": {
    "ext": ".pdf",
    "source": "normalize-v1",
    "vtt": false
  }
}